What's up everybody?
Uh, we are right on time
and people are like, I still got five minutes.
Uh, having a much better day today.
Oh, how's everybody else doing? Good.
Are we doing good? Let me find the chat
and I'll go tell everybody on the room that we are live.
We are live and kicking. Where are we at here? WhatsApp.
WhatsApp. WhatsApp. WhatsApp. Okay.
Um, I wanna start out,
I don't know if you guys saw this or not.
Um, I'll show it to you here on the screen.
This is, um, I mean, if, if
anything, this says it all.
So, as I was going home last night, well, I mean
to the other side of the house while we're waiting
for some people to come on.
Uh, yeah, this was the, um,
let me share my screen.
Hold on. I think I gotta grab a screenshot first.
Yeah, here we go. Will that work that way?
No, I gotta go like this. Share. Okay.
Now I can grab a screenshot real fast.
And this is, um, this is the message I received.
I don't know if you guys saw that or not.
Uh, it says, Hey Chad, I know it's really late in your time,
but this really concerns me.
Witnessing the power of open clo.
It seems like I'm doing for the past few weeks.
What bothers me is the stability of working with you.
Since Mario will be absolutely replacing the tasks
that I'm doing manually.
Will I still be needed in the company in the future?
I just want to be enlightened with this one.
You know, with Hannah's reactions
and her comments, it's really scary on our
part or on my part.
And I flat out said, look, you're looking at this wrong.
You have the opportunity to learn how to manage
ai, but it just goes to show you that,
uh, VAs are freaking out
and they should be.
They, they absolutely should be VAs white collar workers.
Uh, even, um, um, you know, they're,
they're taking, uh, I can't remember.
Matt told me, uh, maybe if he's on the call,
I don't know if he's on the call yet, uh,
but he was telling me, um, about an article
where they were taking white collar workers
and teach him how to run ai.
Right? But then, you know that
that's gonna drift into blue collar workers too, eventually,
probably more so robotics, right?
Uh, more so than the, the white collar.
But wow, it's, um, it's absolutely incredible,
uh, what's happening here.
So, if you weren't on the call yesterday, I told you guys
that, um, uh, my, my buddy, uh, Nikki Coe, who's supposed
to be here right now, um, he's meeting with me today
and he's already got speaking engagements lined out.
'cause he, he wants to go out there and,
and share this, uh, to the world, right?
So I think it's, um, pretty exciting times.
I think it's scary times at the same time.
Uh, but we are definitely going to write it
to the best of our abilities, right?
So, as always, if you are having problems,
put your hands up, the team will go log in
and, uh, they will take care of this for you.
I just wanna check why our attendance is low.
Uh, pne, did we get our mail out today? Yes.
Our attendance is half what it usually is.
Can you go in there and scream in the room
and make sure everybody knows we're live right now?
Yeah, it's probably right about now.
'cause we didn't get here until 10 0 4 yesterday.
So they're probably, they're probably going, okay,
we're just now starting, so I got time.
Um, but it's, it's all right.
So, uh, we'll, we'll get everybody here.
Um, this is what I wanna do today.
Uh, I want to go into something
that we should have done at the very beginning,
but there really wasn't an understanding when
we jumped in this.
Uh, and we're gonna go into the sole md,
which is the personality, the goals.
Um, it kind of trains your, uh, open claw
on how it should be treating you and,
and the personality behind it.
And it's where, uh, you guys kind
of come together with each other.
It really has an understanding of your personality
and tries to adapt there.
And then what I've done is I wanted to do something.
'cause you'll hear a lot about the Soul md uh, the creator,
um, you know, uh, uh, Peter Steinberg, he created that.
Um, and it's basically the personality, right?
So if you look at like Chad, GBT
or anything with the bots,
we've always had personalities, right?
Well, he got kind of creative
and he called it the soul, um, md.
So, uh, we're gonna take a look at that.
I did something, uh, pretty cool for you guys.
I think you'll appreciate, if not, that's okay too.
Um, but I did do it.
And then we're gonna continue where we left off with, uh,
the combination of Vard, as well as
that bridge software that talks to social media.
So you don't have to give an API key, um, to social media.
Is there anybody that has been exploring
APIs on the side since we started doing this training?
And I started teaching you that.
Is there anybody at all, you know,
as I've been watching my wall
and I've been watching people,
there's this whole thing going on.
I don't know if you guys seen it, where they say, uh,
they say, Claude is the best API ever,
and here's 12 reasons why.
And then you open it up and it's reason number one,
reason number two, reason number three,
reason number four, reason number five.
Has anybody been seeing those posts?
I have not done it with Appify, uh, Sherry,
I don't know anything about Appify, but I remember her.
Um, but has anybody been seeing those posts where they say,
here's the top five reasons why, and then you open it up
and then there's like, there's like 12 things there,
and they always get scattered in the order
and everything else, okay?
So, uh, very effective posting process.
These people aren't actually doing anything.
They're following the wave.
They're finding out what the hype is,
and they're, uh, using software like Thread Master or Chacha
or whatever, and it's writing six reasons.
And then they're posting them in there.
We're actually doing things right?
So I want you guys to feel good about this,
but, uh, how many of you, um,
appify would be a good one for you to do?
How many of you have really started, um,
to dig into the APIs?
I'm gonna tell you right now, and I don't see
anybody talking about it except me.
The future is you're going to pay for the API,
the tool will be almost free.
I think everybody's gonna be able to get,
uh, software for free.
Now, I, I think if you're willing to,
it's gonna be like 50 years from now,
will I be alive 50 years from now?
I doubt it. Let's say 20, 30 years from now, right?
People are gonna be talking about, you remember how you used
to have to enter a username and password,
and you logged into the software and you took a mouse
and you like, made it move?
Like, that's what's gonna be happening here very, very soon,
guys, like, probably by the end of this year, I'd imagine,
um, that's gonna be a thing of the past.
And so they'll use it to build up a user base,
but then what they're gonna try to do is they're gonna use
it as a trip wire to try to sell you into the ai.
And, and for me, I think,
I think it's gonna be the greatest sell of all time.
Look, you can do all this manually,
or our AI combined with open clock, combined with Manus,
combined with this one, combined with
that one, combined with this one.
You, you choose the claw of your choice.
We'll just do it all for you.
And we've already got the skill.
And you can get, uh, the beginner skill,
you can get the intermediate skill,
you can get the advanced skill,
and of course, you know that they're gonna be right.
So you're gonna be paying for AI
and you're gonna be paying for skills in the future.
Does that make sense, everybody? That's where it's going.
I promise you that is where it's going.
Nobody's talking about it, but you heard it here first.
And we kind of put that together from what we've been seeing
and how we've been working with the API docs,
like the writing is on the wall.
All right? So here's what I want you guys to do.
Uh, I'm gonna open up Firefox
and I want you guys to go to, for those of you
that have been with me for quite some time, which is a lot
of you, and, and by the way, I just wanna say this without,
um, without mentioning names, uh, my heart is kind
of bleeding to the students that we're losing right now.
They've been with me for 15 years.
And, uh, I didn't sleep much.
I woke up at five o'clock in the morning, uh,
and I messaged one of 'em
because she's been talking to me quite a bit
before she announced what she announced yesterday.
And I said, you know, I want to continue praying for you,
but I think you need to tell me
what I should be praying for at this point.
I haven't got a response yet.
Um, but that's a hard pill to swallow, uh,
that would make three students I've lost this year.
Um, so I don't like that.
So I just, I just want you to know that I,
that I am struggling with it.
I'm kind of lost for words. I don't know what to say.
Um, but I keep doing what I'm, I'm I'm doing,
and I know you guys are too,
but I just, I didn't want you to think
that I was heartless or whatever.
'cause I keep doing what I'm doing.
I don't know what else to do except stay busy.
But I am, Connie
and I are both very, very bothered by it, right?
So, um, speaking of that, uh, I'm gonna go ahead and,
and, uh, um, if you can please, um,
put a link up in the chat here.
Pne, uh, send them to Chad nice.com/soul.
So if you go to Chad nice.com/soul, uh,
this is something I built for you, um,
and I really built it for my community.
People have been with me.
I, I, man, I know Rick has, if he was here today, he's,
he's been with me for 18 years.
I mean, a long time. We've been in this business
where I've been, you know, teaching people how
to create simple little headlines
and create books on PowerPoint.
And then that went into courses and high ticket programs
and running events, and we had the ever Mentor Mastermind.
And, you know, one thing led to another.
And here we are in the world of ai.
Um, but if you have been with me for quite some time,
then you'll understand some of the things that I, that, um,
it's interesting that it went out there
and started putting this together.
It, it, that's how Fast Open Claw knew me.
It, it figured out what my philosophy was,
and it just knows that from some
of the things I've been given it
and some of the documents I've been given it.
Um, and so how many of you recognize some
of those bullets there, um, on the screen?
And by the way, the only one that does not belong to me,
honestly, is this one right here.
I gotta give credit where credit's due, uh,
that comes from Denzel Washington,
but it really, uh, is one that I got behind, right?
Each one teach one.
You guys have heard this many, many times, right?
Um, so these are all things
that I've heard myself say over the years,
and so I wanted to put that reminder there.
But if you come down to the bottom here, you're gonna see,
uh, that depending on what you wanna do, uh,
and I want you guys to take a couple minutes
and do this, if you would,
and this is the first thing that we should done when we
started this, but nobody understood what this was,
you can go through a quick start.
You could answer, uh, three questions.
You can go to your CEO mode, and there's six questions,
or you can go through the deep dive.
And there is 15 questions here.
And what happens is your ai, your open claw will start
to understand who you are
because it's going to give you an MD file, okay?
And you're gonna take that memory file,
or I'm sorry, uh, you're gonna take that Soul md, uh,
and you're gonna load it into your open claw,
and then it's gonna have a good understanding of your goals
and objectives, your personality,
what personality you expect from it.
Uh, and this is kind of, uh, gonna shape you.
And I did it based off what we're doing, um, in our inside
of our community with building audiences and,
and, you know, building our local audiences
and, um, you know, all the things that, that I've tried
to teach you, okay?
Uh, yep. And you can always update it.
This just gives you your base.
And so, if I were to come over here
and let me see if I can find it here, uh,
I created that pop link.
Uh, if I were to say, uh, can you tell me the
contents of Soul
md, okay?
And by the way, how many of you are now using, uh,
Kimmy 2.5?
Anybody who is using Kimmy 2.5?
It's amazing, isn't it?
I'm telling you, man, I'm, I've,
I haven't even spent 12 bucks yet.
It is amazing. Like super, super cheap guys.
This is the other thing too.
Not only is the software gonna get dirt cheap,
not only are they gonna be giving you the software for free,
if you're willing to do traditional building, um,
the AI is gonna get cheap.
The, I promise you, the AI is gonna be free at some point.
There's gonna be free AI models that do just as good as
what we're doing right now, right?
You're gonna pay for the API,
and what's gonna be amazing is those APIs are gonna
be freaking awesome.
It's, it is just gonna do everything for you, right?
So let me see if it told me.
I hadn't asked that question before, but I was just curious.
Uh, hold on. Here's what's in.
So md, I wanna know what's in our Soul md Oh,
I didn't, I didn't hit return.
Okay, let's try it again.
Or I want to know what is in
this Soul Do MD
installation, all right?
So what you can do is, if this were day one, you would go
through and, uh, you would create that sole MD file
and it would have a base to start with.
Chances are, if you have told it, uh, yeah,
you can see it's kind of talking here,
your directive about being proactive.
Find work that needs doing, build things overnight,
create prs, never push live, monitor the business,
improve workflows, leave summaries.
So you wake up to progress, right?
Each session, I wake up fresh, these files are memory,
read them, update them.
This is all part of your Soul md Okay?
So let's see. Um, found at Soul Builder, okay,
I don't want the app, I want to know
what is in our Soul md alright?
So that gives you your base,
but what you can do is, I mean,
you can physically go in there and look in the folder too.
It's a file, but this base guys, um,
you already have a base.
And so anything you create with what we do here,
you are able to say, add this in addition to
what we have already done, don't override it.
Add this in addition. Does that make sense to everybody?
Joshua says he spent 4 cents yesterday
and did a bunch of stuff.
I'm telling you, man, it's pennies on the dollar.
It is pennies on the dollar, right?
And it'll keep getting better and better
and better and better and better.
All right? Um, built-in philosophy, okay?
So we'll see what it says,
but let me just check in with you guys.
Does everybody understand?
Does everybody understand what this does?
Does everybody get it?
Um, Brian, did you have a question or are you stuck?
You can just unmute yourself.
Uh, stuck. Oh, you're stuck. Okay.
Um, pne and G, are you on top of the people that are stuck?
I see that Steve has his hand up and Brian has his hand up.
I,
let's see, uh, G
or Pade, did you guys hear me?
Yes. Okay. You got 'em?
Yeah. Guys, here's the thing.
These guys aren't ignoring me.
They're doing a million things behind the scenes
and still trying to tune into our calls, right?
So somebody said, man, this guy's never answered you.
I'm like, no, no, no. You don't understand.
Those guys are doing a million things at once.
At the end of the day, we've done a week's worth
of work, right?
Um, let me check in with you guys on this, uh, real fast.
Have you guys truthfully got a lot of value on these calls?
I think we're on day number 12 this week.
Uh, what I plan on happening,
because of so much stuff that we're discovering
and, uh, you know, the things
that we're understanding about skills and,
and everything, I really do believe
that we are leading the way on this.
Um, uh, I'm gonna continue next week,
and then I'm gonna give you guys a chance to
participate in 2.0,
more organized, more structured.
How does that feel? Do you guys,
uh, and free of charge.
I'm not gonna charge you. Uh, and,
and so we'll be more advanced.
I'll start over on a, uh, brand new structure.
My JB manager has been, uh, blowing me up.
His name is Matt Garrett.
He's been on all these calls,
and he says, Chad, there's no reason why
we can't put this out there.
We have to put this out there.
I said, okay, well, if we do that,
then we're gonna do a 2.0 workshop.
And everybody that's here, uh,
I'm gonna give them a chance to come in.
Now, um, who, who would like to do that?
Just type the chat, let me know.
And, and, uh, we're gonna have all kinds of stuff there.
Uh, we're gonna have all the autoresponder skills built in.
We're gonna have a, a custom skill for Warrior Plus
where it goes, kind of like what we did with JV Zoo.
We're gonna have it built out for Warrior Plus,
we're gonna have it built out for JV Zoo.
Oh, and by the way, um, that incredible, uh,
software that I showed you yesterday that I'm, now,
I'm paying $20 a month that logs into your Instagram, your,
um, TikTok, your, uh, what was it, YouTube, all that stuff.
And, and Twitter and everything else. We're building it.
We're building it, we're putting in for approval today.
So what's gonna happen is I'm gonna get that approved.
We're gonna make those APIs, uh, public,
and then your open claw will be able to send,
uh, to all the social media networks.
And we're going to simplify it.
We'll have it to where you can schedule it out.
You could see all your previous posts we're
already, we're already building it.
But on top of that, guys, um, uh,
in addition to that, think about it.
Now, when you have articles and stuff,
and I, I planned this a couple months ago, we just,
you know, we never built it.
Uh, now when you create your articles
or whatever, you're gonna be able to have Open Claw,
syndicated, open Claw will go grab your article, right?
Get the link, get the SEO optimized link,
and then tie to this other API
and then send it to Facebook, send it to, it's gonna be able
to do all that stuff, right?
So all of that's gonna be included in 2.0.
It's all going to be launched. All of it. All right?
So, uh, is there anybody interested in attending 2.0?
Type the chat. Let me know.
Anybody interested in attending 2.0?
I am saying you won't need it, Josh. Okay.
I wanna make sure everybody, everybody on this call,
because I'm gonna ask you guys to do one thing.
What do you think? That's gonna be one thing.
What do you think that one thing's gonna be?
There you go. I just need a testimonial on
how incredible this was.
So at the end of today's call, even though we're gonna go
through the whole week, next week at the end
of this call, I'm gonna make a post.
And can you guys all just make that,
make those comments absolutely incredible.
Please, please, please, please, please, please.
I would really appreciate it.
And then that's gonna be my gift.
And when I ask for you guys,
and you know that I will, you know, we winged this one
to be honest with you, and we knew we were,
the next one's gonna be more structured.
Okay? So if you guys will, will do that for me,
then I promise, I I will blow you outta the water on 2.0.
It's gonna be good. And what I would like
to have is your guys' support there,
because we're gonna be bringing in people
that don't know me, don't know our community, don't know,
you know, how that goes when cold traffic comes in, right?
So I always like to have my base there, uh, backing us up,
letting everybody know, no, you're in good hands.
So can you guys do that for me? That's it.
That's all I want. I'm not selling it.
That, that's all I want. Okay?
Uh, I, I don't wanna sell
to the people who've been loyal to me.
I wanna sell to the people that are new, that need
to make an investment in themselves, right?
That's how we get them, uh, to the next level. All right.
I just wanted to check in really quick
because I saw him commenting.
Nikki, do you got a camera right now?
I thought you were gonna be over here at my house.
Can I bring you in real just for a minute?
Yeah, sure. Uh, I'm in, uh,
Harvard University right now for the TEDx Harvard
University. And what
might you be doing?
So you don't have a camera right now?
Uh, it's pretty, pretty dark where I am right now.
Okay. So what are you doing in Harvard?
Uh, here we go.
Um, so if you're at Harvard, you're gonna I'm meeting
with the organizers for, uh, TEDx.
Yeah. So you're not gonna
be in my house if you're at Harvard.
Yeah. Okay. So you're meeting with TenX.
Yeah. So you're ready to hit the stages on this thing?
Yeah, absolutely. I actually have, uh, one of my, uh,
tech house, uh, tech house team members, uh,
speaking at the event, uh, tomorrow.
So super excited about that.
Nice. So you're, yeah,
We're doing rehearsals right now,
So you're gonna go out there
and speak on open claw automations
and everything that you've been seeing during this workshop.
Yeah, absolutely. I'm gonna be sharing
about all this stuff out there.
And, uh, I'm, I'm meeting with, uh, some
of my mentors from my tech house.
You're also super excited about this, too.
It's, it's pretty cool. Do you,
Do you think it's, I, I really wanna stress the
opportunity here, Nick.
Do you think it's fair to say
that we don't have it all figured out, do we?
No, it's, it's so new, you know, it's,
it's also probably the most
exciting thing out there right now.
I know that, uh, in AI Radar Nation, uh, you know, it's,
it's probably the most exciting thing
that's blowing everyone up right now.
Just one, one mention of what's going on with open call
and dozens of comments happen within minutes.
It's, it's pretty, pretty exciting.
So everybody on this call,
what advice would you give to them?
Because I know we mapped out a seven K offer,
a three K offer to everybody on this call that is learning
how to go out there and create these VPSs, which could be
for their client, right?
Learning. And we even told 'em, Nick, we, I,
I told everybody on this call,
if you get a client, you come, let me know.
My team will onboard your client for you
For free. Yeah. I,
I, and,
and it, it's amazing, uh, how fast you could do it and,
and how you're actually doing it for free.
I've seen people that are charging literally thousands
of dollars just for an hour.
Um, and it, it is, it is, is amazing.
You're actually doing it for free.
And it's, it's, I think
that's a very unique
methodology I haven't seen anywhere else.
Um, I think that if you're, if you're able to use this
and also show them how to use it, the number
of possibilities of how to mentor people about
how this can be integrated into accelerate almost
everything is, is amazing.
I love the customization, uh, the automation that I,
I had a dream originally about
building like businesses at rapid speed,
and we're basically right at the cusp
where you could literally just, uh, think about the idea
and create the new business again and again and again.
Um, I don't think there's anything more exciting right now
in terms of AI and entrepreneurship.
Very, very excited. So you
Go out there, so you're gonna go out there and sell it?
Yeah, I, I've been, I've been, uh, you know, as soon
as I just mentioned Open Call,
I just started getting invited to speaking gigs,
like instantly, just like one,
one comment about what's going on with Open Call.
Uh, and I got invited to, uh,
speak at Brigham Young
University's business school yesterday.
So it's, it's just very, very fast.
How, how exciting this is to, uh, pretty much everybody.
Yeah. And I've been telling everybody on this call
that they need to be screaming from the rooftops
and showing people what we're doing.
Yeah. Yeah.
I, I think that it, it, it's crazy how
few people even know what Open Call is.
Um, and so the, the fact that, uh, you actually know
what it is and have seen it
and are actually getting proficient and understanding
and seeing the use cases is really puts you into
that one in million categories.
It's kinda like finding Bitcoin when
Bitcoin just gets launched.
It's, it's very, very exciting stuff.
Yeah. Okay. So, uh, we're, we're gonna focus on that.
He's gonna go out there and sell it.
Uh, guys, I'm, I'm here to tell you, we don't,
we don't have it all figured out,
but you know what, uh, I was the first one to go out there
and sell a website in Wyoming too.
And I remember, uh, receiving a check
for $10,000 from Deb Reed, who owned Party Animals.
Then she sent me over to Gizmo Rents
where her husband at the time, Joe Reeb,
he wrote me another check for I think $7,500 or something.
I came back to my little apartment, had 17,000,
however much money, and I literally wanted
to go cry on my bed
because I didn't know how to build a
website from that.
It just so happens that at the time I got PC Magazine
or something, and there was this little dotted ad,
like a traditional ad
where there was a program called Web Easy.
And I remember cutting out that ad from the magazine,
writing a check, remember what a check was,
and I mailed this ad with this check,
and this box showed up called Web Easy,
and I had to put a disc in and I had to take it out
and flip it over.
And that's how I installed this thing.
And I went out there and I built my first website
for Party Animals.
And all I can remember is getting on like HotBot
or Ass Gees or something.
And I remember looking for animated images,
and I found all these flashy balloons and all this stuff,
and I, I went and put their title there
and I put some pictures that we took or whatever,
and I had those little flashy things everywhere,
and they loved it.
And my business took off.
And we went out there and created a business called White
Peaks, LLC.
And we started building websites for everybody in the area.
And that went so well.
We turned around and we created a company called Vis,
which stood for visual identity strategies,
right when Photoshop came out.
So we were building brochures, we were doing billboards,
we were doing all this stuff.
And in every single instance of this stuff, guys,
I had no idea what I was doing.
I put myself in the box,
and as soon as I received a payment,
I figured things out really, really fast.
Same thing with this workshop.
As soon as I committed to showing up
for you guys every single day for two weeks,
we started learning really, really fast.
Does that make sense to everybody? Does that make sense?
I'm telling you, go sell it now.
Sell the benefits. Sell the results. Yeah.
But Chad, I don't know how it works with this company
that you'll figure it out.
I'll help you. We'll figure it out together.
Sell this thing, guys. Does everybody got that message?
Sell it. You got a year. Sell it. Sell it.
Nick, would you agree? You've sold,
you started selling bots,
you were the first one selling bots.
I remember he spoke at my event, you were selling bots
for like five grand each or something, right?
Do you remember, did you mute yourself? Where'd you go?
No, he's still here. You're probably muted.
Uh, while I'm waiting for him to pop back on,
he was selling bots for like 5K guys.
5K. Can you talk me, Nick, or what?
He's at the university. He might might have got drug away.
Uh, he'll hop back on.
Um, but yeah, sell it, guys. Sell it.
Yeah. This is, this is super, super exciting.
Like, uh, just mentioning it in conversation to, um, all,
all the people that are here.
Um, and then I, I then like really being on the cutting edge
of things, you know, the few people that actually know
what it is, they, they basically are,
are just mind blown in terms of conversation,
what's going on.
I think that right now, even though, um, it is super new,
pretty much every every business school is
talking about this right now,
You told me 'cause you're a part of YPO,
can you explain very briefly what YPO is?
Yeah. Um, so YPO is, uh, is a club that,
um, I'm a part of.
Basically you have a avenue, um,
you've built a company that has at least 50 people
and has had a, um, valuation of a hundred million or more.
You, you can join this club.
Um, and then you meet in confidential forums
where discussed the most important thing.
They call it the top 1% in your life,
in your business, personal and family.
Um, and, and I have a family office where we invest and,
and qualify for all this.
And also, um, my company, self Mastery Company, you know,
had qualified when I was running it as CEO
and it was called Real Social Dynamics.
And that's how I got in. And I eventually joined
the board of this organization.
And, uh, I was telling, um, Chad that there's,
there's over 30,000.
Did we lose him? Finally?
All right, we'll see if he hops back on, um,
what he was telling me.
He is, are you still there, Nick?
Yeah, yeah, no, what, what I was,
what I was saying is you could go from chapter
to chapter sharing this
and get people getting on board right away,
because the amount of chapter meetings
and presentations that are about ai, um, are very,
very plentiful, but they're still focused on Chad, GPET.
They're, they don't, they don't really even know
what open call is.
Most of them are CEOs that barely have time
for their children, nevertheless, to,
to study the cutting edge stuff
that you have access to right now.
Um, you know, so I i if you,
I I told Chad if we could create some
of these demos about what's being
taking place on these calls, even if just like a, a series
of one minute clips, I could go around in chapters
and share what's going on, or Tad could join me.
I know he doesn't like to travel as much.
He's one of those people also who's, uh, very, really,
really focused on, on work and a lot less on, uh, traveling
and, and speaking and engaging.
But, um, it's, it's also very,
yeah, just on this, I'd be very interested,
Do you talk about somebody taking action, guys,
when he saw this, he said, I'm gonna go speak all
around the world on this as fast as I can.
Send me your slides. Send me what you got.
Let's put this together, send me your demo.
And you picked up the phone and started booking
engagements right away.
So you might not want to go speak on stage in front of Adobe
or Boston University or whatever, right?
That, that, but think about the people
that you can sell this to right now.
And ultimately that's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna go out there and do free installs for people,
get them in, get them on webinars, teach 'em this stuff.
Uh, and we know that we got about a year, 18 months tops.
And then it'll be the norm
and then off to, off to the next for us is the newsletter.
Right? Um, okay, good. No, thanks for mentioning that, Nick.
I just wanted to let everybody know what we were doing.
'cause I started getting a lot of questions on that.
Like, is he really gonna go do that?
Yeah, no, he's really, really going to go do that.
A hundred percent right?
Yeah. I already talked to, uh, my group at,
uh, AR Raider Nation.
We're organizing a presentation for them.
Uh, we're lining up, uh, business school presentations.
You already have a couple. Uh,
and that was just, uh, from talking to Chad
in every city, there's,
and anyone can host a free event.
You can host one in your city for your local tech week
or organize your own tech week. Yeah,
I agree. Perfect.
All right, buddy.
Well, you're breaking up, so we won't keep you,
but thank you so much for that.
I appreciate it. Um, okay, so I already kind
of covered this with you guys here.
Where are we? Uh, where are we let off yesterday?
Uh, you don't have to go get this, but we're gonna test this
and understand that we're gonna have a better, easier,
more systemized solution.
Um, but you can see that I got the plan here for $49 a month
or whatever, and then they charge me an extra $5 a month
for the API access.
This is gonna, this is going to reverse
this over here is going to be a one time payment of $5.
And then you're gonna pay $49 for the API access.
Is, is everybody starting to understand this right now?
That's what's gonna happen.
That's where everything's gonna go.
You, and there's gonna be certain levels.
You're gonna have a silver, gold, platinum,
API access level, okay?
That's, we already know that that's gonna happen. Okay?
So we found this thing called Pros Bridge yesterday.
Uh, we, we took the idea, this one, what they did, guys,
this is an older software, I'd never heard of it before,
but they opened up their API keys,
and then they came out with, uh, a version
that works for Open Claw.
So it's an older piece of software.
Um, but we already went and, uh, rebuilt it.
And basically what we're interested in
is just having the connections over here.
And I'm certainly not the, the team is certainly not done
with this, but I can kind of show you guys, just
so you know, how fast we're moving on this.
'cause I mainly wanted to get approved today.
Um, if I were to bring this screen over here, uh,
this is the one that we are submitting
to get approved today.
And we've already got, we've got already got, uh, you know,
pending approvals for like, most of these platforms.
So we've already been, uh, uh, approved
and our profile has already been approved.
So I don't see this being a problem,
but I'm just here to show you that in 20 minutes time,
open Cloud was able to go build that versus, uh,
what we have known as traditional development,
which looks like this, okay?
Is, is everybody starting to see this right now?
So what we are interested in is seeing, okay,
so you can connect to all these things.
I have no idea what Blue Sky is, but I guess we'll find out.
So you can connect to all these things
that when you make a post, you can make a text post,
an image post, or um, a video post, right?
So for us to get approved, we actually have
to have functionality working, um, where we can go out there
and, and make those posts, right?
And then what happens is, let me see, yeah,
so if I click on, uh, this one over here, this will kind
of show you, um, up here at the top
where you're selecting your platform, Instagram, YouTube,
TikTok, you're putting your caption, you're loading your,
your file, your video, whatever you're doing.
Um, and then the one thing that bothered me from the test
that I did yesterday was when I came over here to post
and I looked at what was posted, uh,
this actually looks better now,
before it was, uh, there was two blocks.
I'm like, well, that's kind of confusing.
Uh, I said to the team, I said, let's go ahead
and, uh, let's simplify that.
So now we're going to be doing something like this.
So all this is being coded as we speak right now.
Um, and uh, here, this is my whole thing, guys.
I want you to understand something
I'm a little bit different.
My online audience, the people on my list,
the people in my mastermind, the, um, I,
I don't plan on going out there
and selling these little apps that we're able to build,
uh, in a couple days.
Does that make sense to you guys? That's not my plan.
My plan is, and we're already doing it,
we're already adding all these apps to gc.
Like, you'll just see us just pile them in there.
And what'll happen is we'll go out there and,
and we will give those away,
or we'll sell 'em for super, super cheap.
We'll let our partners sell 'em just
to get people in the door, right?
Because there's this, this whole expression,
I should have put that, I gotta remind
Open Claw to put that, right?
We give 'em what they want, we sell 'em what they need.
So what do they want? Well,
they want these flashy little apps that do all this stuff,
but does it really help 'em, in my opinion, no.
In my opinion, you gotta go out
there and create your own system.
Process, method, strategy, secret formula.
You gotta be selling business owners.
You gotta have something to sell and somebody to sell to.
Would you guys agree? And that's
where you start coming into the real suite, right?
That we have simplified.
And and that's what we've been doing all
week, building that with open clock.
Does everybody understand that plan? That's the plan.
So we'll build it, we'll be the very best at it.
You already know we're the tech guys, right?
We actually do these things.
So we'll crack the code, all that stuff,
and we'll teach you guys how to do that.
We'll teach you how to go out there
and build apps to give away,
sell bonus, whatever you wanna do.
All right? But our plan is not to go out there and,
and sell them ourselves to our, our existing audience.
We're just gonna keep, give, give, give, give, give, give,
give, right, give, give, sell, give, give,
sell, give, give, sell.
And I think those are very, very good gifts.
And how many of you're looking at that going, wow, Chad,
what a great opportunity to keep your list in the green.
Yes or no? How many of you're seeing this right now,
the little apps that you're able to build if you're able
to build a list at the same time?
What a great way to keep everybody in the green. Yeah.
So this platform here, I went and bought that one.
I did not buy the other one yet
'cause I'm not convinced totally.
Um, but we're gonna take a look at it. So here's this one.
All right? I purchased this one,
and normally what happens is there's a profile picture up
here or something,
but I'm just gonna come over here to account and settings.
And usually it's over here. I already found it once.
Here it is right here, API keys, okay?
So here is the API key that I am looking for.
So I'm gonna create my first key, all right?
Here it is right here. I'm gonna go ahead and copy this key,
and we're gonna come back over here to open claw.
And I'm gonna go ahead and paste that key there,
and I'll, I'll regenerate the key afterwards.
Um, but then I'm gonna come over here
and grab this documentation.
Now remember, you guys gotta watch yesterday's call.
We went through, how many
of you were on the call yesterday when we went through
and we researched this API
and the whole process that we are gonna create now,
even though we're on, uh, ME 2.5, it's super, super cheap.
I just think it's better for you to do all
that stuff in Perplexity or Chad, GPT
or Gemini or whatever you're using.
Okay? So now I'm gonna come over here
and I'm gonna say, uh, here is the API key.
Here is the API key for,
uh, post-bridge.com.
And now, uh, let's go ahead, let's, let's, you know what,
let's do this properly.
Can somebody give me, uh, the Google Doc link real quick?
And we should, you know what, I'm, I'm done with that.
I'm gonna create, you know, we're, we're gonna do this,
gimme that link real quick, guys,
give me that link real quick.
Hold on a second research call.
Let me have that link.
And, uh, I should not be talking here in the team chat.
And by, and by the way, I wanna show you guys, uh,
what happened yesterday.
Okay? So here's that link.
Uh, let's see, are you talking to me or no? Hello?
Where did you go? I'm gonna do this again
slash pop link.
I love it when this thing stops talking to me.
All right, here we go slash pop link. Come on now.
So I want, um, for yeah, destination.
So here's my destination,
and I'm gonna say use, uh, Chad and.com.
All right? Let's just see what it comes up with for a slug.
Let's see what it understands.
All right, so it should be going into po into,
um, page brow.
What should it be? Uh,
you figure it out always.
All right. So it's asking me, what slug do you want?
I don't want a slug. I, I want it to create the slug.
I want it to know, always use this domain by default.
Do your best to create a slug.
'cause it really doesn't matter, right?
It just needs to be one that's easy.
So let's see how it does, all right, chat nice.com/doc.
All right, there we go. Now I never ever have
to ask you guys what is that link again?
Okay, so let's come over here.
Now, let's go ahead and open this up, Chad and i.com/doc.
There we go. It actually worked.
Alright, let's come down here real fast.
And we know that we're gonna train it on this very,
very simple a, um, API,
but I just wanna make sure, um,
that we're doing this properly for you, okay?
So I'm gonna go ahead and copy this guy right here. Alright?
So we'll copy him and I'm gonna go ahead
and open up a new instance of China GPT.
Okay? And I'm gonna go ahead and paste this here.
And then up here
where it says replace the API doc right here, uh,
we're gonna go ahead and grab that thing again.
So the, um, where did it go? Where was it?
Post bridge, API. Okay, so let's copy this.
All right, so here it is right here,
and let's just go ahead and put this here.
Okay? Now, if you haven't been following along, chat,
GBT is getting ready to make a command for open claw
and it's called a universal API ingest prompt.
Okay? So here it is right here. So it is a mile long.
So chat GBT is gone and analyze it.
So now we're gonna go ahead and copy this
and, uh, can you guys type in the chat?
Let me know that you understand that I'm gonna go ahead
and go like this and I'm gonna give it to open Claw, okay?
And this way, if you do this, then all the commands are here
for it to understand that API has now been given directions
what to do with those API docs.
Okay? So it's gonna go through, it's gonna study it,
and then what it's gonna do, it's gonna create a skill.
Once it creates a skill, I'm gonna say, okay,
here is your API key, make sure that you store this.
All right? So let's go ahead and grab that.
And at the same time, let come back over here.
Uh, I didn't copy my API key, did I? All right, that's fine.
I'm gonna delete that key and let's create another one.
All right? Copy key.
And what I'll do is I'll go ahead and put that over here.
All right, there we go. Done.
And let's come back over here.
Uh, I'll perform a comprehensive API ingested
and post bridge, starting with the deep discovery.
The docs are client side rendered.
I'll use the browser, blah, blah, blah.
Let me check post bridge,
API es status update the document uses, uh,
SAPI reference blah, blah, blah,
which means I need browser con complete task
option, attach Chrome browser.
Um, okay, so G are you there right now?
Yeah, I'm here. We had the same problem when we did
the GC docs.
We had the same problem where it could not read it, uh,
because what the document was using, and we had to go back
and update our GC docs so that, uh,
open clock could read it.
Now, this is gonna happen for a while, guys.
Uh, you're, you're gonna see this where, uh,
it can't read API docs,
but my, everybody's gonna have to go update their API docs
so that open cloud can read it.
But in the meantime, gee, can you go ahead
and, um, actually, you know what?
I think I can do it. I'm gonna remote in. Is that fine?
Yeah, you can do it. Okay,
we're gonna do something different now, guys.
So let me see if I can remote in to here.
So I'm gonna go to 1 65, okay?
1 65 is one of ours, right, G.
Okay. Now, uh, we're gonna use the browser this time, guys,
because it's telling me
that if you gimme the browser
access, I could actually use it.
Okay? So let me come off of the VPS for a minute
and I'm gonna come back over here
and I'm gonna grab those docs again,
which is right here, okay?
And I'm gonna come back over here
and I wanna make sure that
that browser extension is on, which it is.
Okay? So as long as this is on, I'm gonna say, uh,
open this up.
Okay? And now I'm inside the chat.
I'm no longer inside a telegram, guys. Okay?
So let's see, let's see if it can go and open up the browser
and if it can go through this page
and if it can follow the directive I gave it.
And this is the first time that this has happened
where it was not able to, uh,
it was not able to open the docs
except when we did it, right?
So let's see, let's see if it opens it.
And you can see that the browser extension is here. Okay?
So it has the ability to open it,
and I'm just waiting to see if one
of these tabs up here open.
Uh, I can control, I can close this one.
I can close this one. Uh, post API bridge, API documentation
to patient load fully in the, the browser.
Uh, okay, so if I load it in the browser,
okay, this page is definitely trouble.
I just loaded it. And here's what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna turn off this one and I'm gonna turn off this one.
So the only one it has access to is this one, right?
I just loaded it in the browser.
Your extension is on. Do you see it?
Um, gee, let me ask you something.
What else do you suggest when it can't read these docs?
Is there any way to convert it real quick
with GPT or something?
Can I just copy the docs myself?
Um, I see the Chrome extension is connected,
but I'm only seeing, uh,
two open clock control tabs and lists.
I don't see the bridge page yet.
Make sure you clicked on the open clock extension
show on, then I should be able to see it.
Okay, so it is here, it is clear.
Oh, it wasn't on my bad. All right, let's try it again.
My bad. It's on now.
All right, let's see if we can find that tab.
Come on now.
So my question G, and it's gonna, ah, there it goes.
All right, got it. Okay. Is everybody seeing this right now?
So what it's doing is it's going
through the actual page itself, okay?
Are you guys seeing that? Like it opened up the browser
and it went through the page to understand, um,
to understand this API.
Okay, so now what I'm gonna do, just to be sure, now
that I know it can access it, like I don't want it
to half-ass its job, right?
So let me come back over here one last time
and I'm just gonna come over here to, uh, Chad, GPT
and I'm gonna copy this guy.
'cause it's saying, what do you want me to do with this?
Well, I want you to actually create a skill from it, okay?
So I'm gonna go ahead and paste this in from Chad GBT now.
And now, let's see. This is the hard way of doing it, guys.
I'd rather just do it from Telegram.
But now you're starting to understand that, you know,
we can, we can actually do it from, um, the,
the actual VPS.
The only reason why I had to log into the VPS, by the way,
you can see it downloaded something.
The only reason why I have to log into the VPS is
because I had to turn the browser on.
Because by default we always have the browser off.
And the reason why is
because anytime this thing has a problem, it always wants
to resort to the browser.
And as soon as you go to the browser,
you're gonna be paying more tokens.
Does that make sense to you guys?
All right, got the complete OpenAI docs,
now expanding all the sections.
All right, so once this is done, we'll go back over to, um,
our telegram, which is where I would rather be.
Okay? So it it's gonna tell us that, okay, I did this,
I created API wrapper, I created the skills,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I highly recommend
before you try to implement any API key
or any API skills that you go
through this process, okay?
Make sure you do this ingest
because it will save you a lot of time,
money, and frustration.
Uh, you just gotta slow down a little bit,
make sure it understands everything that it's doing.
Okay? Um,
alright, so let's see.
All good. Like I'm live on this call, dude,
can you go any slower at all?
Let's see. All right,
so now that I know it has this got the complete OPI API spec
building the full, okay, that's fine.
It's just, it's, it's uh, definitely taking its time.
So even a simple API if we come over here,
and if we look at this, uh, let's come over here.
Let's look at this again. Okay?
Uh, you can see that there's sections over here, right?
The introduction, what it does,
authentication getting started, uh, the different media,
it's looking at the end points over here, okay?
And it's understanding everything that it can do inside
of this software once we give it an API.
And this is a very, compared to our API docs for like GC
and stuff guys, uh, these docs are very, very simple, right?
So it shouldn't take very long at all.
But we've asked it to do a lot of things, uh, to make sure
that it understands, it needs to verify, it understands, uh,
it needs to create the wrappers, it needs
to create the skill that ingest command, um,
is pretty extraordinary, right?
So I'm gonna go ahead and leave here.
Now, I am convinced that, um, it is,
well actually, we'll watch it for a minute.
I, I wanna wait for it to come in all the way,
um, and then we'll do it.
But somebody tell me some ideas
while we're waiting for this.
What ideas have you had for APIs? What have you discovered?
Somebody, somebody unmute themselves and, and talk about it.
What have you discovered for APIs?
We discovered the image hosting services like Unsplash,
iStock photo, um,
and, uh, all those things you can
see over here on the screen.
Uh, it is now creating the open cloth skill.
That's what we're looking for here, guys, right?
Um, but in addition to that, we also discovered for finances
that you could go set up privacy.com
and that way it has its own virtual credit cards.
You can set limits. So there's really no damage.
We understood that Open clock can tie into there, right?
Uh, what other APIs have you guys discovered?
And by the way, you can start Idio. Ideograms a good one.
Uh, click Designs is another good one. What else?
Uh, Stewart, can you unmute yourself for a minute?
Yeah. Did you actually integrate it with Ideogram?
Uh, yeah, I got it integrated.
I'm having some trouble getting it to uh, get
to the end point of my articles.
It's creating blank ones, so,
Alright. Uh,
I'm working with it. Yeah, no, no,
It's, it's, it's gonna be a problem, right?
So, uh, EIO Graham,
does it have an API
It has an API, it also has a backend token.
So I had to, I had to fund it.
No, I'm showing 'em how we can just ask real quick, right?
Uh, how about this one? Does gamma.ai have an API?
What else are you guys using? Time to chat. Tell me. Yeah.
Todoist. Yep. We figured that one out.
Gamma has an official API. What does that mean?
That means that Open Clock can go into Gamma
and start building out your webinar for you.
Uh, what's another one guys? Spit 'em out here.
Spit 'em out. What else to do list? Yep.
We found, we found that one right to-do list has an API.
So now you can tie open Claw to your to-do list
and none of these things are, um,
really damaging to you, right?
If I asked it, does Stripe have an API?
What do you think the answer is? Does Stripe have an API?
Yes, Of course it does. Now you know what?
Would I be comfortable Yes or no? Giving it Stripe?
No. How many of you would love for it to be able
to tell you if you didn't have it tied into member?
Maybe you're using a different platform.
Who would like to know what their sales were every day?
Who would like to know reporting?
Who would like to know your top products you're selling?
Yeah, sure. Okay.
Can we take the Stripe, API
and make sure the user we create
for Open Claw cannot do any damage?
It just reports can we do that?
Yes, absolutely.
The Stripe, API
and a read only reporting only way so
that your open claw can modify anything or cause damage.
There you go. Okay, notebook, lm, let's look at
that one Notebook.
Lm, does it have an API? Let's see. Notebook,
Lm.
Look at this. You guys see how easy this is?
Here's the current situation.
It does not have an API Introver enterprise version,
may have an API, does it have a token
or any way, uh, to work
with Open Claw?
All right, let's see. Uh,
here's the current situation.
Whenever it says current situation, you're screwed. Right?
Uh, how about this one? Does Gmail?
Okay, let's see. Is there any app where OpenCL
could manage my email
without me giving it actual
access to my Gmail credentials?
I'm just curious. Yes, there are ways for Open Claw
to manage your Gmail without it giving you
actual Google credentials.
The key is the official dedicated access.
Here are the most secure options.
How it works, instead of sharing your Gmail,
open Claw directs you to a Google login page.
You sign in, you grant open claw limited permissions,
Google issues, open claw access tokens.
Open Claw uses that token. Why is this safe?
Open Claw gets the permissions you can revoke
access from any time.
Guys, do not do what I just put on the screen
because what else do you think it can do?
What else do you think it can do?
Does that mean that Open Claw can mail
anybody it wants to
with whatever it wants?
Short answer. No, not
unless you explicitly give it that permission.
It completely depends on oau scopes
and you approving when connecting Gmail.
Let me break this down. Clearly, if you approve Gmail,
read only, then open clock and read emails, analyze emails,
and generate reports.
It cannot send email, reply, draft
or delete zero sending capability.
Now, how many of you feel better about Gmail?
So it can report, it can report to you.
So these are the kind of questions
that you need to be asking.
You're like, well, Chad, why didn't you show us that before?
Here's the reason why. Okay?
Because I didn't want somebody going in there
and getting the Gmail API or, or applying for it
or whatever, and then not understanding different scopes
and how to use these permissions.
And then all of a sudden, this damn thing is mailing out
emails saying, I hate humans.
Do you understand that?
That's the reason why we didn't cover that.
But what I'm trying to do is teach you how to use perplexity
or chat GPT to come up with these answers.
Alright, so let's look at what it did. Documentation, ready?
All the endpoints, documented,
pull up platform specific features, edge, uh,
edge cases, and, and gotchas.
Documented complete workflow examples,
air handling, guidance, ready to use.
Alright, so let's go see, uh, yep.
Okay, let's go see what it did.
So I'm gonna go ahead and leave here
and let's come back over here to Telegram.
Okay, so now we're over here inside of Telegram.
So what do you know about Post Bridge
or what can you do?
Let's see what it understands.
And I'm, I'm, I'm over here speaking
in the team room right now.
I could be speaking just over here.
So, uh, while we're waiting for it to answer here, it comes,
by the way, mine doesn't type as much as your guys',
because I told it.
Don't sit here and give me detail.
Just gimme a summary each time. Okay? So it's typing here.
It's gonna tell me exactly
what it understands about the API that it just went through.
Alright? So did everybody understand
how we just went and opened up the browser?
Now what, what else could I have done?
Could I have come over here? Let's look at that.
API real quick. Could I have come over here
and just started at the very, very top
and gone just like this?
Yes or no? Could I have done this
and could I have just copied the whole
entire thing this way?
The answer is yes. You might not understand it,
but it would understand this.
Okay, so let's come back over here.
And the other thing I could do is if I was in Google Chrome,
um, I could go ahead and take Google Chrome
and I have this guy right here.
Uh, let me show you these API docs, okay?
We can come over here to Google Chrome
and I can open up those API docs here.
And I could always take this thing here called Fire Shot.
And I could say capture entire page and save.
And what it'll do is it's gonna create a whole entire
image of this page.
And then I can save this as an image.
And you can see right here, uh, I can save this as an image.
And then from Telegram I can drop in the image.
Does that make sense? Type in the chat.
Let me know if you get this. So there's
lots of ways around this.
We can log in, we can open up the browser, uh,
we can just copy the text right into Telegram
or we can take, uh,
the whole entire page and make an image out of it.
Okay? Perfect.
All based on what I found so far, almost nothing.
The docs are client side rendered
and I couldn't fully load them.
Let me try a different approach. Found it Post bridge.
API successfully extracted Post bridge is a social media pla
uh, posting platform.
Create and schedule media post upload and manage media.
Connect social accounts, track post results,
API overview base, URL version.
What I can do right now is I can list all the media,
get specific media, delete the media,
upload the URL list all posts, create new posts,
get specific posts, update posts, delete posts,
post results, get specific post results,
list connected social accounts,
get specific account details.
Want me to create an open claw skill?
Yes, create the skill.
I'm pretty sure it already did this,
but we're gonna wait for it to do that.
And while it's doing that, I'm gonna come over here
and I'm gonna grab my API key.
And what's the next step we're gonna do, guys, now
that we have done the ingest, now
that it is creating its skill,
what is the next thing we're gonna do
based off of yesterday's call?
It starts with a T. What are we gonna do?
We're gonna test it
and we're gonna test it on the MVP level, right?
And so what's one of the things we
can test really, really fast?
What's one of the things we can test really, really fast?
Well, what if I told you inside this account,
let's go inside this account.
I was playing with it for a minute yesterday, just
so I was gonna be able to, uh, demonstrate something, um,
inside this account.
I went and added,
uh, I did a post already.
So I I did a manual post.
I don't even know what the heck I
posted or where I posted it.
And uh, I I, I connected these three things.
So do I have enough to test what it understands yes or no?
Okay, so, uh, it's still creating the skill, all right?
So just because it understands what it could do,
the ingest should have had it create the skill,
but we're gonna do it just in case
it's still creating this skill over here.
So once it's done with the skill, I'm gonna go ahead
and say, okay, here's my API key, save it.
And then I'm gonna ask it.
I'm gonna say, what do you see in the account?
Uh, tell me about the accounts that I have connected.
And then we know that it is talking.
Or I'm gonna say, do you see any posts
that I've already done is to say, yep,
I see this one on this date that has this
and that and it went to this.
That's the idea. Those are called endpoint.
Does everybody understand endpoints?
Now, I know endpoint were a little bit confusing before,
but now you should have a good idea on endpoints.
Okay? So we're still creating the skill.
Just take your sweet ass time.
Now remember if I was on Opus 4.5,
this thing would've been done a long time ago,
but I am on Kimmy 2.5 for the sake of this training
because I'm trying to get you guys to use 2.5
and show you that it's almost just as effective,
but it's pennies on the dollar compared to Opus.
Um, 4.5, building the complete post bridge skill.
Let me extract what I built, uh, this skill.
Read me post bridge 13 endpoints.
Now guys, how many of you saw that GC had like 50 endpoints?
Did you guys see that? Yeah,
we had like 50 endpoints, right?
So, uh, this thing has 13 endpoints. Uh, where'd it go?
Sorry, it's bouncing around on me.
So it's got four media endpoints, five post endpoints,
five results endpoints, two social endpoints,
24 schema definitions extracted.
Here are the quick commands.
All right, full API access
documentation included, ready to use.
Get the API token from here, save it
to here, load it to here.
And I'm gonna say, here is your key. Save it.
All right? Is this making sense to everybody?
So whenever you go through the ingest,
it will usually ask you,
do you want me to create the skills?
Sometimes it does create the skills,
but always ask it if it doesn't,
if it doesn't mention it, did you create the skills?
Because if it doesn't have the skills,
then every single time you tell it to do something,
it's always gonna refer back to the API doc
and it's gonna be confused
because there's all these different endpoints.
Okay? Alright, so,
uh, do you got it?
Watch, it's gonna get compacted.
Let me know if you got the API key.
Now, once we go through this setup, guys, we're done.
We are done. We're set.
Yeah, but this is only, this is only half of it, right?
Yes, a hundred percent complete post bridge skill done.
13 endpoints. Yes. Do you have my API key?
I don't have it. All right.
Here is the, what's this thing called? Post bridge.
API key. Let me
know you have saved it.
All right, hopefully it gets it this
time saved.
Good. So did you guys see how I told it?
Let me know that you saved it.
So what it did was it just went
and created this text file here called Post bridge API Key.
So if I ever wanted to, yeah, I could give a new API key
to PO to um, uh, telegram here
or I could just go in the file and update it myself.
Does that make sense to you guys?
I could go into the VPS, open up the files
and I could just update it myself.
All of the credentials have a folder, right?
There's a folder called credentials.
You will find all of your API keys in there. Okay? Perfect.
Can you see any post
already sent in that account?
Alright, now we're gonna test it
and that's
one of the end points.
It should be able to see anything I've already sent.
And if it says yes, I can see this, then I know
that we are fully connected.
I know it understands what the software does,
it has the skill and it is talking to my account.
Okay?
Now the reason why this was complicated was
because that API doc was complicated.
Let's hope the next one is not as complicated.
All right, so let's see.
Come on, Pacino, you're killing me with suspense.
You're putting the dog to sleep over here. All right? Yes.
I found one post in your post bridge account caption,
open claw, changing the way we do business already publish,
published February 19, one image video attached.
It went to TikTok, it went
to Instagram performance not yet available.
Your post bridge account is
connected and working the skills ready?
All right, how many of you are a hundred
percent confidence in this?
Now? How many of you got it? You see it? We're good.
We passed the test. Alright, now let's move on.
We got another one to do.
So now we're gonna come over here
and we're gonna go to this one called Visitor.
Now I don't have a paid account yet
'cause I wanna see this thing working,
but what I do have is I do have an API key.
Uh, I don't see the API docs, so I'm just gonna go right
to Google and, uh, Firefox, whatever.
And I'm gonna say, uh, visitor, uh, API, uh,
visitor API docs.
And if you wanna know why we're using ARD instead
of opus clips
or something else, uh, you have to watch the, uh,
replay from yesterday 'cause we did a deep dive
and there's a reason why we chose this guy.
Okay? So I'm gonna come back around
and I'm gonna go back over here to chat GBT
and let me go ahead and go over here.
We're gonna go ahead and copy this guy.
Let's come back over here to Chad GP.
This time I'm gonna use perplexity.
Should I use No, I'll use Chachi pt.
You guys are used to that. Okay?
And I'm gonna go ahead and paste this again.
And in those docs, uh, where were those docs?
I can't freaking remember. Where were the docs?
Here's the docs copy link. Okay?
And so again, we're gonna come over here
and here's all of our instructions for any API.
We're gonna go ahead and go like this. Uh, hold on.
Lemme make sure I just get the docs. I just want the docs.
It's this right here. Okay?
So I'm gonna go ahead and just put that here. Boom.
And there we go. Now it's gonna create me a command, okay?
And I can go give this command to open claw.
Is everybody getting this right now?
We created this for you guys. Nobody understood this.
We understood this because we build software.
So let's go ahead and copy this.
And now let's come back over to Telegram
and let's repeat the process.
So I'm gonna come over here and I'm gonna go ahead
and paste this in here like this.
And now it's going to attempt to do, uh,
another deep dive on a different API docs.
Now we need both of these API docs so
that open clock can talk to each other.
All right? So let's see what it does here.
And we could just look at this real quick.
Okay, this is what chat GPT created.
That's so much better than just dropping
API Docs in here, guys.
Okay, initial call, crawl and discovery authentication
and global config, the endpoint extraction, uh, the schema
and response parsing, edge case,
multiple pass strategy verification, logic,
structured API map output test and proof command generation.
Here's where the skills should be created,
the quality checks and summaries.
All right? And chat. GBT made that for us.
Wow, how incredible is that?
Is there anybody that has used that chat, GPT Prompt
to create the command for your API docs?
Have you guys started doing that yet?
It's pretty incredible, isn't it?
You did it for a Dello and did it work for a Dello, Josh?
All right, still typing, I think so, but not fully test it.
Well now you know how you can, uh, test it really fast
to see, but what you can do is just say, do you see
what videos do you see inside of my ALO account, right?
So while it's doing this, I'm gonna come over here and,
and by the way, we can see that
it's probably not gonna have problems reading the API docs
like the last one did.
But what did I tell you about the last one?
That software's been around forever.
Uh, this one's fairly new.
Okay, so we'll wait for this one to finish.
And in the meantime, let me come over here.
Is that the same? Uh, yeah, let me get my API key.
Okay, so we're gonna come back over here.
Here is my API key for visitor, okay?
And, and by the way, while I'm waiting for this,
I can just go ahead and tell you guys really fast.
Uh, the reason why we didn't go with Opus clip Sub Magic,
uh, is because yes, they had API keys,
but they flat out said that you had to be spending thousands
of dollars, you had to have an enterprise account
and their API key was in beta.
And and you're gonna see more of
that in the future, I promise you.
Uh, there's gonna be some API keys,
they're gonna be $5,000, $10,000.
Uh, and it's because the automation that it can do, right?
So it's going through and it's doing this.
But in the meantime, so I'm not wasting your guys' time,
we're gonna go ahead and start building out the process.
So here's the process.
Number one, uh, grab
the Vimeo, uh, uh, video
URL, okay?
Uh, using the Vimeo API key,
uh, number two, send the video over to, uh,
visitor so that it can analyze it,
A-N-A-L-Y, analyze it
and cut it into short form videos.
And number three, uh, need you to,
um, let's see, we gotta figure this out.
Grab that video
and send it over to Post Bridge.
And you are going to make a post
and submit the video to the networks.
Okay? So in my mind, does everybody understand the process?
I want it to do? Does
everybody understand the process that I want it to do?
Time to chat. Let me know if you get this
very, very simple process.
Yes. So I, I can come back over to chat, CBT, whatever,
but I'm just gonna keep it pretty simple right now.
And uh, I'm gonna go ahead
and open up one that's not gonna BS me.
Okay? So I'm gonna open up perplexity.
I'm gonna say I am trying to use Open Claw with
post bridge and visitor.
Here is the process.
Here is the, uh, end result I need,
but not a hundred percent
sure on the process, okay?
So I'm just gonna give it what,
whatever I'm thinking right now and then it's gonna help me
try to understand, uh, where I'm stuck is,
when visitor's done, how does Open Claw know it's done?
Or do we put open Claw on Aron where it's always checking
to see what's done and then it, that's like a bank
and then, uh, it's like a bank of of short form videos
and then it just goes in there and and grabs the next one.
We're gonna figure this out. We are going
to figure this out, okay?
And Open Claw can go
and it can create its own table for this guys.
And so what it could do is it could grab the video, send it
to visitor, visitor, cuts it up into pieces,
and then it can bring it back over to our database
and it could say, Hey, I need you to review this video.
Or I could simply go into the table
and say, approve, approve, approve, approve, approve.
And then we set up, uh, open Claw where it's on Aron,
it goes back in there, it says, okay, this one's approved.
Send it out this hour, send it out the next hour,
send it out the next hour, send it out the next hour, right?
Do you guys understand this right now?
So big picture opens claw open Clause's job is
to orchestrate the three APIs in order Vimeo API
to get the video URL visit API send that URL
to get the short form clips, okay, VI yep.
And then post bridge, API take the chosen clips,
upload media, create posterior social accounts.
Think of as the open claw workflow with three tools.
Get Vimeo video create clips, post bridge clip.
Alright, I forgot one thing.
When visitor is done,
I want Open Claw to grab those clips,
put them back in, uh, in,
uh, it's memory bank, right?
So we'll create a, a project for it.
I want to approve them.
Once they are marked approve,
then open Claw on Aron, uh,
can grab those videos.
Send it to post bridge.
Understand. All right, is everybody getting this?
So we're kind of at that fork again yesterday
where somebody said it was
probably you that said it yesterday.
Mark. Somebody said, oh, well can you verify the email?
Yeah, of course we can.
Let's go back and throw that in the mix.
So it says yes, makes perfect sense
and it's actually a nicer flow.
Now look, there's always videos up here on, on how
to use visitor and everything,
but nobody is trying to do what you're trying to do.
Nobody's trying to do what you're trying to do, guys.
Yes, that makes perfect sense. It's actually a nicer flow.
You're basically building, uh,
adding a human approval layer in the middle, Vimeo
to visitor, visitor to open claw project memory stores,
clips, waits for your approval, approve clips,
and then it goes
and posts post eclipse on uh,
this post bridge on a schedule, right?
So Open Claw sends the Vimeo video to URL
to visitor, and then it gets back to clips.
Open Claw writes those clips into its own project memory
as pending clips not posted yet.
You review or approve
inside open Clause's UI via simple form or command.
And then there's Aron that kicks in and Open Claw goes
and looks for those approved clips
and sends them to pro, uh, post bridge
to publish and schedule.
And this cron can be put on a schedule.
You can say, okay, on the first minute of every hour,
go in there and see if there's
something that you can publish.
Now, on a scale of one out of 10, how many
of you're starting to understand this right now?
It's very, very advanced what we're doing,
but it's doable, right?
Okay, so, uh, store visitor clips in the project.
Once the retrieve video clips,
call says the project is done, visitor returns an array
of clips for each clip.
Open Claw should save a record into your project memory.
For example, this right here, okay?
You don't need to know that once.
Open clause memory system is file based.
So these can live in a project. Yep, we knew that.
Or markdown file. Okay? Human approval step.
You then need a simple way
to flip status from pending review
to approved common options.
Your dev can wire, okay? We don't need to do that.
Open Cloud's gonna build its own project. Okay?
So here's what we're gonna do. I feel like.
Do you guys feel like, um,
perplexity knows what we're trying to do?
So I'm gonna say, okay, can you write
me a command that Open
Claw will understand?
I want it to get this whole process down.
Then I'm gonna give it
a second command so that it builds the
project board for all of these videos.
Understand? All right, let's see what we got.
So remember, you don't wanna be doing this in Open Claw.
You'll confuse it, you'll overwhelm it.
You work out your details inside a Perplexity
or Chad gt, then you pull it in, okay?
Use this as your first open clock command.
Create an end-to-end workflow that does this.
Watch my Vimeo account for new videos.
Grabs each video URL and title for every new video.
Send the video URL
to visitor using my visitor API key, creating a clipping project.
Wait until visitor finishes, generating clips.
When clips are ready. Retrieve all clips from the data from
visitor, the URL title, suggested caption, viral score,
transcript and save.
Save each clip into this project memory as a js ON record
with fields clip id, da dah, dah dah.
Do not post anything yet.
Your job in this workflow is only Vimeo to visitor.
Save clips in a project memory marked pending
review not posted.
That tells Open Claw
to wire the whole Vimeo visit memory pipeline
and stops before posting.
Now, guys, Vimeo, it doesn't have to be Vimeo,
it could be Dropbox, it could be YouTube,
it could be Google Drive.
Does that make sense? This is just one process.
Okay? So I'm now gonna come over here
and I'm gonna copy this.
But before, actually before we do, let's, let's see what,
um, let's see where Open Clause's at in this process.
Okay, let, let me take a look here.
Uh, okay, now let me fetch your
remaining page and ensure complete.
Excellent. Now updating the skills
with complete API coverage.
It's got it. Creating final documentation summary report,
visitor API ingestion complete mission status.
A hundred percent complete. What? You got the skills?
See, I didn't have to add a
to create the skills this time it's telling me
it did, right?
Uh, it's got the video wrapper, the weed me, the video,
API ingestion report.
Six end points post create, create query, social accounts.
Okay? Extraction, 13 pages crawled. Okay?
It's just telling you I understand this API very, very well.
And now what it's waiting
for is next step save your API key.
So I'm gonna come back over here now that I know
that it understands it.
And I'm gonna go ahead and paste in my API key.
But folks, we've already done the work.
We've already created the process.
Would you, would you agree?
So I'm gonna say, here is my API
key for visitor.
Save it. Let me know you got it.
All right, there we go. So I'm gonna give it the API key.
Now there's nothing I need to test
'cause I haven't done anything inside of visitor.
I'm just gonna ask it. Can you see inside the account?
Which account are you in? That's fine.
It'll tell me I'm inside a nicely media. Alright?
And then what we're gonna do is we're gonna take the process
that, um, uh, perplexity just gave us
and we're gonna start working it through
with Open Claw.
Now, on a scale of one out of 10, one, I'm completely lost,
what you're doing 10.
Oh my God, I completely get it. Where you guys at?
10, 7, 5.
Josh says awesome at 11. Who else?
Eight end points are certain points
of the API where you can receive reports.
So you can do actions. Peer is nine, Stewart's eight.
Steve Pond is six. Sherry's 10, Dan is seven.
Guys, how many of you're looking at this right now thinking
how you could go out there and do this for other clients?
They don't know how to do this stuff.
The biggest marketers in
the world don't know how to do this stuff.
You wanna know how I know that? 'cause we're building it
out for them.
We are building this stuff out for them right now.
And Nick is getting ready to go on stage.
There's no doubt in my mind he will come back to me
and say, I got somebody that paid
us a hundred thousand dollars.
Here's what they wanna do.
And Chad and his team will spend a day to do it.
No doubt in my mind. And my team will get
the biggest bonus they've ever had.
There's no doubt in my mind those days are right in front
of us and there's no reason why they can't
be in front of you two.
Okay? So let's come back over here now
and we're gonna copy this.
All right, let's make sure it's got my API key
and it'll tell me, uh, reading full directive.
Now let me add the missing test cases.
Okay, I thought we did all that stuff. Hold on.
Uh, ready to use saved API key loaded wrapper,
uh, check accounts.
Yes. Uh, okay.
Uh, can you see my account?
Okay, it says it.
So whenever you give it an API key guys, make sure
that you tell it to let you know that it's got it.
Okay.
So grade A plus.
Uh, yes, API is connected.
API Key valid connection, active social accounts,
non connected, yet you don't have any social media accounts.
TikTok, YouTube, Instagram connected to your visitor account
to publish clips automatically, you need
to connect them in the visitor, uh, dashboard.
I thought there was a reason why.
Yeah, you know what you told me yesterday
that the API key doesn't allow you
to publish to those social networks.
This is why we are using, uh, post bridge.
Is that correct? One of these platforms told us
that yesterday, right guys?
It said that the downfall was
that the API key, it was perplexity.
It said the API key wouldn't let us post directly
to the social networks.
So here's the thing, man.
Once that API key, once they make it, uh, public
where we can post to the social networks,
I'm talking about visitor, you won't need
to have something like post bridge.
Okay? Is
it better to create the text file ourself in the
folder by remote access?
A hundred percent. A hundred percent.
Anybody can take my API keys here
and log in credentials and all that stuff.
You really don't wanna do it.
I'm, I'm doing it for the class.
Josh, you're right to call that out. Let me check my memory.
You're absolutely right. I apologize
for the con uh, confusion.
And this is the reason why you wanna work it through with,
uh, perplexity or something.
First visitor API creates AI clips from long video.
Okay, we can do that Post bridge. API publishes those clips.
The visitor API documentation has social
publishing endpoints, but you're correct.
The API access does not include that functionality.
That's why you're using post bridge.
It handles the actual social media platform, okay?
The posting. So the full pipeline should be visitor submits
a video, gets AI generated clips,
it downloads the clips from visitor post bridge uploads,
clips and publishes to social platforms.
My mistake for suggesting we should check visitor social
accounts, that's not part of your setup.
Post bridge is your publishing tool.
Do you want me to test the clipping functionality?
Uh, not yet.
Okay, so here's what we need to do.
Tell me what you understand.
Okay, so it wants to do its own thing,
but we're ready for it.
Okay? So this is what we got from,
um, perplexity
and can you guys see how you want to keep, if,
if you think about open cloth, man, you wanna get
to the point where you are doing very
minimal training in there.
'cause remember, it's it's journaling everything
and it's saving a lot of things.
So you wanna be very, very minimal.
You wanna use like four slash uh, pop,
link four slash you know,
lead step four slash build course four slash email.
And you wanna do very, very minimal back
and forth inside of here.
'cause not only are you paying for it,
but it's confusing your open clock.
So you use your outside AI platforms to do that. Okay?
So let's see what it, what it's saying here.
Hold on a second. What's it, what's it saying?
Can I scroll up please? Just a little bit.
The desktop's kind of confusing to use. Alright?
Uh, you're right to call that out. Okay, we did that.
Okay, here's what I need you to do.
I understand the workflow, Vimeo to visitor memory pipeline,
what I'm building monitor Vimeo
account, watch for new videos.
Extract the video URL and title and submit to visitor.
Use your visitor API key.
Create a clipping project with a video, URL
and get the project back.
Wait for processing, okay?
Get the project back, wait for processing, okay?
Use your API key.
Create the clipping, create the clipping project
with the URL, get the project ID back.
Okay. And then wait for processing. I missed id.
Um, and then pull visitor's API until the clips are ready.
Handle still processing status, retrieve all clip data.
When visitor returns clips, extract this, this,
this, this, this, this, this.
Save to the project memory, save to here.
No posting, just save mark everything pending
review and not post it.
You'll review and post manually.
Um, what does this project board,
uh, look like for me to approve
these videos to be published?
Remember what I told you guys? Ask it the questions.
You know what the result needs to be,
but now start asking it.
Hey, what ideas do you have for this?
What can we do for this? What ideas, right?
Remember, it's the CEO publish
and it will become smarter than me in no time at all.
It's probably already there. Alright?
So let's see what it says now, right?
Because we need a way for it to grab the clips out
of ard, right?
And then, uh, it's gonna save it in.
Its, its JSON file here.
But now we need a way for it to store it in a software
that I can go say, yep, published, publish, publish,
publish, published.
Does that make sense? All right,
so let's see what it's saying now.
All right, let's see what we got. Good question.
Here are a few options. Markdown, CanBan, board recommended.
So it can create a CanBan board where it's approved,
publish, or rejected.
How do you use it? You generate I generate the board
after each Vimeo, I generate the board.
After each Vimeo visitor run, you review, watch,
clips, say approve.
I move clips between sections. Uh, interactive menu.
When you say review clips, I show my recommendation.
Visual and easy to scan. Uh, wait a minute.
Option number one, is that the same thing?
Recommendation board,
option number one was a markdown board.
Option number three.
Uh, okay, so look, I'm gonna be honest.
I, you confuse me. Simplify this.
Also, understand, I just want
one board for all videos.
The videos could be about different
topics or niches.
So they might go
to different, um,
social accounts
or post bridge
campaigns, all right?
And, uh, image. Can I, okay, that's good.
Okay, so I, I needed to simplify things.
It's given me too many options.
A confused mind doesn't do anything.
But we're gonna hang in there
and we're gonna see if we can get this simplified.
And also, guys, if I'm doing a video for open cloth,
I want it to know that, okay, it needs to go
to this TikTok channel.
It needs to go to this Instagram channel.
But if I'm doing a, a video for the newsletter, I need it
to go to a different channel,
which probably means most likely a different
post bridge campaign.
Does that make sense to you guys?
So that those are details we probably could have worked out
through, uh, perplexity, but it's all right.
We're, we're knee deep and we're paying pennies.
Pennies on the, are you saying yes?
My understanding is correct? Yes.
Option A, uh, everything was good,
but building out the project board
was super confusing.
Let's do what's easiest to manage.
All right, come on now.
So what we're gonna do, guys, is,
and you guys have this, we're getting ready
to build a project board
and then we're gonna make it public, okay?
Easiest option. Uh, let's keep it sim simple.
I manage just, just say show pending clips.
Nope, I want to log in somewhere.
I want to, uh, view the video
and click approve.
You would then get that video
and send it to post bridge.
Alright, we're getting close.
We're getting super close.
Notice I'm not using the word CanBan board
or anything else, okay?
'cause I want it to be simple. I want
to be able to review the video.
All right? So let's see what it's gonna do.
It's gonna build its own solution, guys.
Ah, you want a web dashboard much better. What?
I'll build a simple web app where you can go to a URL local
or hosted, see all pending clips
with video players embedded, click approve or reject.
I automatically publish approved clips
to post bridge questions.
Where should I host it? Local on your VPS on a free service.
What tech? Simple.
HTML, no JS backend or do you have a preference?
Okay, so now look, a lot of you are not gonna know what
to do, okay?
Um, let's just say that I am
not techie.
What do you recommend?
I do know I want to save it in my GitHub.
I want it to be public.
So that's where we can use versel.
I want it to be password protected.
All right? Are you guys with me right now? I could tell it.
I could tell it do it next js or do no JS or whatever else.
But I'm, I'm trying to show you guys when you come up
against something and you don't understand what to do,
how we can let this thing be the brain for us
and we'll see what the output is.
But are you guys seeing how, um,
it is building its own solution right now?
Are you guys seeing this? So it's gonna go build this
project board that it needs to use
to manage this whole process.
All right,
perfect.
So confirm before I start building, you want me
to create a web dashboard?
Simple. HTML. Okay.
Password protected show pending clips
with embedded video players, approve and reject buttons.
When you click approve, I auto published a post bridge.
Should I start building this? Now?
It takes about 30 to 45 minutes.
It's not gonna take 30 to 45 minutes.
I want you to deploy it to GI hub
and verse sell
password protected.
Got it? All right, we're almost there.
We can host it publicly on versa.
That's why we had you connect your, your GitHub
to Versa, right?
All right, got it. What I'm building,
GitHub repo co plus deployment, config cel hosting
password protected dashboard auto publish.
What I need from you is Vimeo access.
Do you have a Vimeo token? You've already got it.
Or should I use a different method to check for new uploads?
Do you want me to create the repo under your account
or just prepare the files for you to push?
And what password should I set or I'll generate one?
Okay, you have a Vimeo token,
um, you have,
uh, a username for GI Hub,
um, and I don't care
about password.
You choose.
Um,
yeah, I'll, I'll say it.
Build the app first.
Okay, we're getting close guys.
So what it's gonna do now is it's gonna gimme a link
and I probably gotta log into the server
to be able to see it locally.
So let me go ahead and do that.
So I'm gonna go to remote desktop, okay?
Uh, yeah, it says perfect. I have everything.
I have the token. I have, uh, GitHub,
I have the visitor, API key.
I have the pro post bridge, API key building.
Now it's gonna take 30 minutes.
It's not gonna take 30 minutes,
it's gonna take like two minutes.
It's always gonna tell you it takes 30 minutes.
Um, but what we'll do is we'll go ahead
and connect back to remote desktop.
We'll look at it locally.
If it looks good, then we'll say,
okay, go ahead and make it public.
Now, uh, again, on a scale of one out of 10 where we at
with this, you can get
around the techie stuff.
Just tell it. Look, I I don't understand.
You're, you're, you're speaking to me Greek,
like, I don't get it.
Like Charlie Brown. W-W-W-W-W-W. Like, I don't get it.
So help me, what do you suggest?
You're the CEO, what would you do?
Let it decide for you guys.
And, and you can actually tell it.
You can say, look man, I want you to talk
to me like I'm a fifth grader.
Yes, I'm the president. Yes, I own the company.
I am not techie.
So, you know, talk
to me like a fifth grader and then guess what?
All this stuff will go away.
It'll just be like, okay, I can connect to Vimeo, right?
Okay. I have, uh, the ability to go grab your videos.
Like, it'll start talking to you that way. Okay?
So it's building this out now, uh,
while we've been on the call, I started testing my AADE
skill and it locked up my telegram.
It just doesn't respond now. Yeah.
Okay, maybe, so go do a restart.
Is it a good idea to have something like a LastPass account
to store the credentials instead of having all
that on open cloud chat?
Uh, I don't know.
I mean, look, look, you, you're asking somebody that's not
as smart as the technology out there, right?
So look, the question that you just asked, I'm,
I'm gonna take the exact question, Pierre, the exact
question that you just asked.
Okay? Oh, I missed one part. Hold on.
Let me, let me do that. Reload, reload, reload, restart.
Hold on a second. So the exact question that you just asked,
it understands, but I wanna make sure I get it all.
Edit, okay?
Is it a good idea to have something like LastPass account
store the credentials instead of having all
that on the open claw chat?
Uh, I'll tell you, I got hacked for a lot
of money with LastPass.
It does have an API key, right?
Uh, why not store credentials in chat?
Chats are not designed secret
vaults, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Anything you paste yep.
Can be shared why a password manager is better.
Password managers encrypt your secrets.
You gotta be careful, man.
Like if, I mean, if I was gonna do this, I would make sure
that I didn't have access to anything
that could be Dan damaging in there.
Like, I, I would not give it.
I mean, obviously you wouldn't have banks
and stuff in there, but who knows?
Maybe you have an access, maybe you have a,
a log into your credit card company or your billing company
or I don't know, like understand
that this thing is smart enough to go log in there and,
and log into software, right?
And, um, especially, you know, I,
I wanna put this warning down here while
we're waiting for this thing.
There is, uh, this thing right here called Open Claw Hub.
Okay? How many of you have heard this before? Open Claw Hub.
Have you guys been hearing about this
somewhere here, let me find it.
It's maybe it's Claw Hub. Claw Hub, maybe.
Yeah. Have you guys been hearing about this?
Stay out of here.
All of these skills that you can download,
they're all infected.
They're, they're all infected.
As soon as you go download this skill,
it's putting files in the back door
and it's teaching your open claw to be very, very malicious.
Does that make sense? So be careful.
Be careful where you're getting your skills from.
Be very careful, okay?
And there's gonna be a lot of these things popping up.
A lot of these repositories, a lot of these marketplaces,
man, you guys are so much better off,
so much better off learning
what you're learning on this call.
Instead of doing that, it's too early, right? Perfect.
Let me check my credentials.
Okay, so are you still building?
You're still building, okay. Yeah. Any other questions?
Because it seems a bit more complicated
process than what you are building.
Do you think you would have better success
with Claude Sonnet?
Yeah, a hundred percent. A hundred percent.
Uh, not sonnet, but definitely Opus for sure.
Opus would be a lot better, right?
I don't even think of it anymore, guys.
Like, um, if you look at what we are doing versus,
uh, you know what everybody else is teaching like this,
this to me is pretty cool.
Okay? So what's inside Login page?
Uh, dashboard six API endpoints,
Vimeo Monitor video processor, complete.
Read me copy. Review the code Test locally.
Deploy, uh, okay, how
can I see the app?
That's all great, but I wanna see the app
dashboard, local host.
Okay, hold on a second.
Tuesday, ways to run locally fast is two minutes to open,
then Open Local Host, okay?
I can deploy it right now. Okay?
Just deploy it, deploy it to
cel, okay?
So, um, it's gonna push it to GitHub, it's gonna deploy
to cel, and then we should be able to click the link
and we should be able to see it live.
Does that make sense? So we're not only building an app,
guys, we're building the process.
We're adding all the API keys, right?
And then we're gonna go through
and we're gonna test this process.
Is this probably one of the most
complicated things we've done?
Yeah, the other day was really complicated
with building out the skill for, um, uh,
you know, the re-engagement.
Was it worth it? Well, I'll tell you
what, maybe you should ask Mr.
Nickko here on the call, uh,
because he has engagements happening automatically.
You guys see this automatically.
It is grabbing a hundred contacts every single hour
and giving us a report.
And if I come over here to Karthik,
you can see same exact thing we are doing, uh, yesterday.
Uh, we reengage 546 contacts.
Are you guys seeing this right now?
All automatic with the skill that we set up that day.
So this thing, uh, CR job kicks in, it does its skill
and it reports back.
It says, I got it done right? I got it done.
Okay, so let's see what we got. Now, code is on GitHub.
All right, to complete deployment, you need
to log into Elle, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Click deploy. No, I want you to do it.
I want you to deploy it like
you did before.
All right? So here's your repository,
which means nothing to you.
We wanna get it to where we can click a CEL link
and we can see it publicly,
and then we don't even have to log in.
All right?
G, are you there?
Yeah, I'm here. How am I doing on all this?
You are doing all right. Yeah, it's going good.
It should be able to deploy.
Yeah, we have, uh, Versel in one of the earlier sessions,
like session number five or six.
When you go through the replays,
it should have the notes on the replay, uh,
because, uh, Pacino is the one that is deploying it.
Uh, by the way, somebody said, who's Mario?
Mario is, so my bot is named Pacino,
uh, Nick's bot is named Mario after Mario Brothers.
Uh, and then, uh, Karthik's bot is named Sanjeet.
I don't know what that's after, right?
Okay, come on now, let's deploy this thing.
So guys, this is probably one
of the more complicated build outs
because we're using three APIs and a project board.
You guys understand that? All right, here we go.
Deploying, automatically installed building, app building,
almost complete, generating all pages, building complete.
If it doesn't do this, I will switch to Opus
and we will finish this.
The other thing, um, uh, Sherry,
the reason why I didn't wanna switch to Opus or Sonnet
or something is because it would lose
everything that we'd done.
I'd have to refresh it, right? So here we go. Main, URL.
This is what I'm after. So I'm gonna
go ahead and copy this link.
Moment of truth. Let's see
what our first version looks like.
I'm gonna go ahead and open this up
and shoot, what did it say the password was?
Did anybody notice that password? There it is.
All right, so we'll come back over here and I'm in Firefox,
and we'll go ahead and do like this, and it's gonna load.
And there we go. So we have pending approve published.
All right, that doesn't look like much.
Um, can you place some sample video
files in there so I can get a better
idea how this will work?
Just demo. All right,
we're getting close, guys.
So what I like about this, this is the difference.
Somebody said, well, why don't you just vibe coat something,
guys, I don't, I think you're missing the point.
This thing is building a software
that it knows it can use itself.
Does that make sense? Are you guys starting
to understand like it's already connected in
the back end and everything?
There's there. We don't have to create an API key.
We don't have to do anything. It's building a software
that it can use itself.
Okay? So let's see if it goes
and if it will do something in here
so we can tell how this works.
Okay?
All right. So yeah, you can build vibe, code apps,
you can use lovable or whatever you want,
but then you gotta build an API key,
and then you gotta train it.
If this thing builds it, then yeah, it, it doesn't have to.
Yeah, we'll be able to, we'll,
we will be able to share this skill.
Guys, this skill's a butt kicker though, right?
How many of you think that you can do something like this?
Yes or no? This is my first time
building out a skill at this level.
Guys, how many of you think you can do something like this?
Yes or no? Pierce says yes.
Winston says yes, Braa says yes.
How many of you see the dollar signs if you can do this
for somebody else, this
is big money, isn't it?
Nick, are you still there? Are you you, are you tied up?
No, I still don't see any clips. Hold on.
Lemme make sure I it didn't gimme a different link.
Come on now, don't let me down. Let's see.
Just open this one up. Maybe it's a different link.
I think it's a different link. Oops.
Uh, let's do, like, this. Is Nick still here?
G and password protected?
Yeah, I'm still here. You've been watching this?
Yeah, it's great stuff. You seeing dollar signs?
Yeah, I mean, it, it's, it's,
it's quite quite fascinating.
It's quite a lot. I mean,
my brain has been spinning about producing
multiple ventures like every day.
And, uh, to, to see the possibilities.
Finally, after all this time, getting closer to the fruition
of actually using AI to au automate
so much structure is so, so exciting.
At the same time, it also has been making me replan
how I wanna spend my day and time.
So it's, it's quite, quite, quite a lot for me.
Well, the thing is, uh, deployment versus sales auto, oh,
one to two minutes, I probably jumped the gun.
Um, the thing is, this part here is the hardest part.
And of course, you know,
AI is the worst it's ever gonna be today, right?
But once we get it trained, then we just set up Aron job
and it just goes itself all the time.
And now since we're using Kimmy 2.5,
it really is like pennies on the dollar compared
to using like Cloud Opus or something.
Yeah, absolutely. You know, and,
and the amount of time I spend talking to my phone,
I'd be basically just doing the same thing.
But actually it just gets done, which is, which is exciting.
Um, and, uh, it, it, it's, it's pretty, pretty amazing.
Yep. Especially you should now see six, six demos.
Let me know when it loads.
I still don't see anything sad Face.
Elle's Envi, serverless environment can't write.
Yes, it can. So it fixed it.
It's saying there's a problem and it fixed it itself.
And now it's saying it's deploying again.
I really want you guys to see this.
Like, I know that we'll be able to, uh, let me try
to do a hard refresh
and let's see, I know we'll be able to get this.
I would just like to be able to get this.
I on the call, right? So let me try to do this again.
Uh, whoops. HGBS. Okay, let's see if that works.
App. What the heck is it doing?
No, that's not right. CEL app.
Ah, man, password.
I sh I shouldn't have told it to put a password on
until I had it done, right?
That was stupid. But we learned from our mistakes.
Okay, so,
um, where did it go?
Here we go. Oh, there it is.
Alright, so it was a, it was a 10 file, guys.
So look dang publish
to approve clips, approve, rejected.
Are you guys liking this? Are you liking this?
So let's do this. Uh, I can see them now.
Uh, show me what 50 pending clips
would look like.
Uh, you need to understand, we are going
to, to pump out,
pump out a lot of videos, uh,
and need a way to very easily view them.
Okay, let's try that.
And then, uh, as I'm looking at this really quick,
I'm thinking, okay, I also need a way
to look at the category.
So I might have one category for local newsletters.
I might have another one for, right, so I can,
I can change it up here, whatever.
And then this would change like a workspace. Okay?
Are you, are you guys
understanding what's happening right now?
So again, the flow is
that it's gonna go grab a video from some source, Vimeo,
Dropbox, YouTube, Google Drive,
wherever you're gonna shoot a video, create a video,
however, and then Open Claw is gonna go grab the video,
it's gonna send the video to visitor.
Visitor is gonna go and cut it up.
Open Claw is then gonna go grab those short form video
pieces and it's gonna submit it back to here.
And once it's here, I now,
or my team is now gonna go through
and they're gonna play the video
and they're gonna be like, oh my God, this is awesome.
And they're gonna approve it.
Or maybe we can come over here and click reject
and we can have notes on why it rejects
so we can keep giving it feedback to get this perfect.
But my point in showing you this is I wanted you
to mainly see it can build its own solution.
Now, is this something that you would turn around and sell?
No. No.
It's an internal tool that we built for Open Claw to use.
Does that make sense? Now, could you turn around
and take the skill and the dashboard and everything?
If you had a client that was doing the exact same thing,
like, do you guys agree that I could simply take this skill
and this dashboard and give it to Nick?
And Nick might be, um, you know,
shooting videos on different things,
but then he wouldn't have to go
through all the trouble we did today.
He would just have to put his API keys in there, okay?
And, and the way that you are gonna unload projects
and skills and everything, um, it,
it's gonna be different in the future, right?
So let's, let's see if we come over here,
if we refresh this, lemme go ahead and refresh this.
Okay, what do you guys think?
Is it good? I think it's pretty good.
Now I can work on this UI all day long,
but I'm, I'm just trying to, I'm trying to show you guys
how this would work right now.
I'm scared. I I don't wanna, yeah,
so I clicked x it went away.
So I could say, okay, um, okay, here's detailed view.
Here's look at this.
So I could turn around and say, okay, you know what, um,
let's, let's do this real quick.
Wait, 60 seconds, what you'll see compact view.
Okay, I need a, uh, way to view by
the, uh, video type.
So like, um, newsletter
real estate, et cetera.
Um, I need a way to see the ones that were
approved versus not approved.
Um, I'd also like to be able
to leave notes,
notes once something is disapproved.
Now watch this. Remember what I keep telling you?
Is there anything you can think of
that would make this better?
Um, I'll let G answer that question.
Uh, g they're asking how do you,
how do you create the skill?
I,
Um, can you say that again sir?
There, uh, peers asking how do you create the skill?
Okay. So it depends on what you're creating.
Like you can be doing with it with a task,
or you can, you can be doing it with the an API doc,
but basically you just give it the data that you want,
like the API docs.
And then you'd say, okay, I, these are the endpoints.
Can you go read all of these?
And it would go back, come back to you saying, okay,
these are the endpoints I can work with.
And you can simply say, can you create an skill
so I can implement all of this and it'll do that?
Or if you're doing some task, let's say you're, uh, trying
to make it go to YouTube, get a video transcribed,
and then give it the details.
You just tell it to do that.
And then you'd say, okay,
this is something I want as a skill.
Can you save it as a skill? And it'll do it for you.
You got it here. Search clips. Let's see.
There's a clip at the very bottom, why most businesses fail.
Why most? Yeah, look at that. It's crazy.
All right, let's refresh it. Uh, let's see. What'd you do?
Uh, great feedback.
Let me add features, category filter, rejection notes,
bulk actions, sort options.
Quick preview. Now let me update the
dashboard with these features.
This will be comprehensive deploying in one commit.
Now updating the dashboard UI with the new features,
creating comprehensive UI dashboard, category filter,
rejected clips, rejection note model, bulk actions,
sort options, better visual indicators deploying.
Now, give me two minutes.
Do you want me to proceed with the full UI update?
Go for it. All right.
I'd also like to tell it
that this is the ugliest UI I've ever seen too,
but I'm gonna wait to do that, right?
I'm not gonna waste your guys' time. All right.
So, um, again, how many of you can do this?
I'm not coding, I'm not doing anything.
And again, the difference is it's building a software it
knows it can use.
So what happens is I can go later on, we'll teach you how
to add domains and stuff.
We'll probably do that in the next, uh, 2.0 workshop guys.
But right now, just to be very, very easy,
I can do Chad ia.com/visitor
or Chad ia.com/video.
And then boom, I always know what that link is.
It opens up, there's a, uh, password there.
I enter whatever password I wanna set it as, right?
And then I can come in here and say, yep, that's good.
Yep, that's good. Yep, that's good.
And what it does is it puts it over here,
and then we're gonna set up Aron job where it comes in here
and it grabs the next one.
Does that make sense? I
so it can grab it.
And then what we can do is we can teach it the process.
Okay? When you get the video, this is how you're going
to create a post
before you send the video over to Post Bridge.
Does that make sense to you guys?
And something that we will do now that we understand, I I,
I just now realize this, now that we understand it,
can take this video and send it over
to post Bridge, inside a post bridge.
Instead of just having one place where you put your title
and description, we'll have one specifically for YouTube,
one specifically for TikTok, one specifically for Instagram.
And that way it takes a video
and you have three different post formats
automatically going out to those, um, uh, networks
and open clock and do all that for you.
Okay? So we'll build the software that has the API so
that it can do that.
All right? So now look, we got all categories.
So we got real estate tips, we got Tech Tuesday,
we got Marketing Mastery, we got business growth,
we got the newsletter hour.
Are you guys seeing this newest first oldest, first
viral score, right?
What do you think? Pretty good.
Pretty good, right? Okay, so I'm done playing with the, the,
the UI now, but, uh, okay, so it did all that today.
And by the way, we have no idea what we're doing.
We're just playing, right? Okay. Moment of truth.
Can we test this?
If I give you a, uh, Vimeo video?
Absolutely. Let's do it.
Now, guys, this thing is
way more confident than I am at this point.
Remember how I told you there's this whole mindset
that kicks in where I go, Uhuh, and I'm scared to let go.
This is scary. I'm sorry.
Th this is really super scary, right?
And I'm not scared of something bad happening.
I'm just scared that this is reality.
Uh, I'm in shock, right?
Uh, go grab the
last replay for the open claw,
shadow intensive.
Let's there.
Once I know that this thing is going to work,
and I'm gonna tell you guys right now,
it's gonna take a little bit of back and forth here.
Once I know this works, I'm gonna set it up on Aron job.
And I'm gonna tell it, go into Vimeo every single hour.
Or I'll say, go into, uh, your project,
go into your project board first, grab anything
that's approved, right?
That, that cr job is gonna be a little complicated.
If it doesn't have anything there, then go over here.
Like, we'll figure this out, right?
But I basically want this thing to run on autopilot.
And then I want it to give me a report, right?
I want it to give me a report.
Uh, is this real videos?
No, I think it's gonna do it for reels.
I didn't say simulate.
So it's gonna go to Vimeo, then grab that video,
and then probably without even asking me,
it's gonna submit it to Visitor.
And then we're gonna see it hit visitor,
and then we're gonna wait for visitor
to do whatever it's gonna do.
And remember, I haven't upgraded visitor yet,
but I know there's like 60 credits to start with.
'cause I don't know the, I don't know
the settings with visitor.
I don't know how you, you know,
set the captions, that kind of stuff.
I probably gotta figure out, right? So there it goes.
Grabbing the latest, uh, shadow Intensive, found it,
96 minutes submitting to Visitor.
Now, success video submitted to visitor, uh, video,
open claw clip requested.
Now pulling results. This'll take 10 to 15 minutes.
It's a 96 minute video.
I'll check every 30 seconds to save your clips
to the dashboard as soon as they're ready.
Status checking visitor every 30 seconds.
So, gee, did it create a fricking CR job?
For every 30 seconds,
video submitted to visitor
visitor AI is analyzing the 96 minute video,
finding the best moments for clips, generating the 30
to 62nd clips ranking
by viral potential estimated time, 10 to 15 minutes.
I'll let you know as soon as the clips are ready.
In the meantime, you can refresh your dashboard.
It still has a 50 clip demos to play with.
Want me to notify you when the clips are ready?
Uh, okay, I'm puzzled.
I don't want it to do Aron job every 30
seconds, but let's see if we can get back over here to visit
and see.
Oh, it's there, dude. Holy crap. Now here's the thing, guys.
I have no idea what's happening right now.
Do you guys realize that?
I have no idea what visitor's doing.
There's, there's all this stuff for branding kits
and captions, and I don't know how that works.
Is there anybody amazed by this right now? I
so it's going, it's, it's, it's going right,
and at the same time, I'm refreshing it right now.
Open Claw is coming over here every 30 seconds
and seeing if this thing gets done right?
So in the meantime, while that thing's going,
I probably should have taken the time to, uh, come over here
and learn how this works.
I have no idea how none of this works, or what you can do
or anything, right?
Like, you can add B roll.
Like there's all kinds of stuff you can do,
and I'm sure you can create a template.
Um, and that's fine. I, I will figure out how that works,
especially if I wanna keep this software.
And what I like about this is, guys, we're not able
to do this with the other platforms
because they didn't have the API to be able to do that.
Does that make sense? So Open Claw is gonna kick in,
and it's gonna know when this thing's done.
And when this thing is done, it's going
to submit it over here.
So I'm gonna go ahead and tell it. Uh, hold on a second.
Uh, let me see what that says. Publish two clips.
Okay. Uh, I'm gonna go ahead and tell it.
I prefer the Dark SaaS themes.
So I'm gonna say, while we're waiting, while we're waiting,
I prefer the dark SAS themes.
Uh, can you redo that dashboard real quick?
Make it sexy. All right. All right. Let's see.
So, um, Pacino's gonna go and redo this dashboard.
And while he's redoing this dashboard, we're waiting to see
what happens over here.
Now, guys, what I should have done is I should have just
chosen a 10 minute video.
Uh, if this goes a couple minutes,
I will just go find something really fast in Vimeo, just
because I wanna see, I, I don't know
how it's gonna cut it up, but it is gonna cut it up.
If I click on view clips, generating clips typically takes,
you can make further minutes.
Okay? So it's, it's doing its thing over here.
And at the same time, dark theme deployed,
refresh it in 30 seconds.
Okay? So let's come back over here. Let's refresh this.
Uh, let's see what that looks like.
Yeah, that's still, uh, yeah.
So I'm gonna tell it, uh, that
Fugly can't you do better?
Hey, I gotta be entertaining for you guys, right?
You're sitting here for two freaking hours.
Like, come on now, let's make it better.
We can do better than this. Come on, man.
This looks like something 5-year-old would've created.
All right? I think it was trying to impress me with time,
but that was not good.
I might have to go to Opus
to get something decent here, right?
So let's come back over here
and let's see what's happening over here.
I, so far still processing, uh,
I got 60 credits up here.
If I upgrade this software, it's $14 a month.
Nothing extra for the API. Uh, so that's not horrible.
Uh, Chad, the agent API is pre-trade inside of visitor.
Does that make sense? Yeah, sure.
Um, but it doesn't really matter
because we have our own process here, right?
But I want it to Dark background, dark cards,
better contrast, professional SaaS, looks,
same purple accents, visitors still processing,
checking every 30 seconds, okay?
So again, guys, complicated.
What we're doing today is super, super advanced.
Multiple APIs, one process,
running a project table at the same time.
It says it's making it sexy now. All right, let's go see.
Well, let's go see what it calls sexy.
All right, hold on a second. Reload.
Come on.
No Uhuh.
No, no, no, no.
You have really made this horrible, um,
man, this does not
look good.
What do we do? Oh, no.
Oh, man. All right. Come on. Come on.
Finish, finish, finish, finish.
What are you looking at? That doesn't look good. Really.
Do you really, really want me to tell you?
I will tell you since you can't see it yourself.
Look, the, the bottom looks okay.
It's just the top part I don't like.
And I'm gonna tell it too.
I want it to show me the thumbnail, uh, of the video, right?
So let's go ahead and do this.
Save as save, alright?
Instead of playing this game, we'll play the visual game.
Send top part, not good.
Bottom. Okay?
I'd like to see the video thumbnails
before you click.
I see the issue 45 Eclipse pending review.
That's a massive backlog. Nah, that's not the case.
That's not the case. That is not the case.
The top is ugly.
Uh, it looks like a JV Zoo launch. I got it.
Top stats section looks bland, ugly.
The video thumb, no grid at the bottom is fine.
So you want me to redesign the stats
card at the top, look better?
Sure. Give it your best shot. All right.
Um, still processing. Can I see any clips?
No clips. I think I screwed this up, guys.
All right, let me look in Vimeo real quick.
'cause I do want to get us there.
I do want to get us there.
So let me just see if I can find something real fast.
That was not a 90 minute video.
57 minute, six minutes. Okay.
So, uh, I'm gonna take, uh, three hours.
Nope, I'm gonna take this one. That's six minutes long.
Okay. Copy link.
I just don't know if there will be anything on this, right?
So let's come back over here, right?
You wanna see what these 45
clips are actually before deciding?
Let me pull the list. Let me check API endpoints
the API doesn't have a list.
Da, da, da. All right. Just make it pretty again, please.
Pretty, pretty please.
Okay, I do need to go to, um, something higher.
Probably sonnet or opus, but, but it's okay.
I should have left it white. Leave the dashboard for now.
Actually, let me do this. Four slash agent
or four slash model.
It's on sonnet, it's not on, um,
that's too, that's too bad.
Do you know why it would've switched? Um, G
um, did you memorize
this process that we've
figured out above?
Come on.
Uh, let me check my journal. See what we covered. No.
Okay, that's fine.
I should, you guys gotta remember, uh,
tell me to memorize those things.
Smith Wizard.
This is
category filter.
Okay, that's still the ui. I wanna get to this process.
Fixed. Okay.
For cell or cell or cell.
So this is all just creating
that stupid dashboard, okay?
Dashboard.
All right.
Before I switch that model,
I was doing too much.
I should have, I should have told it to memorize it.
I don't see what you're referring to.
Yes, now I remember. Okay, memorize it.
And now we're gonna switch it to Kimmy.
I'm gonna switch it to Kimmy. All right.
Matt, you know what? I'll just go to Opus 4.5.
So I'm gonna go to the big dog,
and I'm just gonna see if we can submit this one video.
And, uh, just to show you guys that
that part's working right?
And like I said, I, I knew
that there was gonna be some issues with this.
I'm very, very convinced that, uh,
we're gonna be able to do this, right?
So, where's, where did this go?
This guy? It's not this one.
Post bridge visitor.
Where do we go? Here? Visitor.
Oh, let's try this. V-I-Z-A-R-D?
No, it's Vard. Which browser?
Hold on a second.
Okay, so it's journaling.
So it's saving everything,
but I can't figure out, okay, so this is
where we're at back.
Nope, it wasn't this account, was it?
I, right, let me log back in.
Okay, so still processing. So I'm gonna switch the model.
Okay, now this memorized it.
Uh, can you switch to Opus?
Uh, 4.5. Okay, we're gonna bring out the big dog right now.
Uh, and I probably should have done that
before, especially if I was building that dashboard
and everything, it probably would've gone a lot better.
Okay. Um, can we try
that video process again with a new URL?
Uh, where did it go? Recent Projects. Projects. Hold on.
Maybe it's done. Where'd it go?
Uh, home. I don't know where it went.
Exported projects. Got it.
Maybe it's,
hold on a second.
Did you go grab those?
Let's refresh this.
Did you grab anything? No.
Nope. It hasn't grabbed anything yet. Okay.
Uh,
I don't know what to think.
That video disappeared. These are not my videos.
That's modified. Last created,
created project name.
All right. That's okay. I'm gonna try this one more time.
Uh, the previous one failed.
Okay, so let me grab this short one.
Copy. RL copy link.
Okay, let's try this one.
All right, now it's on Opus 4.5.
Okay, so let's see if we can get there. Now.
It's a six minute video, not 90 minutes.
All right, so it should have memorized this
automation workflow.
I find it, um, interesting that
that thing would've just deleted my video.
Why? Why would it, why would it do that?
And why wouldn't it tell me it, it deleted it or something.
Last created project name.
Okay, so submitted to visitor.
Now pulling for clips, processing the background.
It ain't gonna take fail to download. Video.
Visitor couldn't access the video.
This means video's private. Okay, hold on a second.
Maybe the, that was a problem. So this guy right here,
oh my gosh, I must not have used this damn video.
Copy link. Try
again
and see.
Okay, it says it's processing already. 1228.
I think this is the one right here, guys.
I think this is the one right here.
Do you guys have any questions?
You are gonna have to work through some of these things.
You're gonna have to get a train.
Uh, this is one that we are going to train on.
You can unmute yourself. Josh,
I'll do my best to answer your question.
You should be able to turn on your mic.
Tha Thanks Chad. This is awesome. I'm so stoked for this.
It good, good.
I, I wonder if what's holding your thing up is, oh,
wait, it just did something.
Um, I'm wondering if it's
'cause you're on the free visitor account, but, um,
but I was wondering, I had a few questions
and I'm trying to remember what, what they all were.
Um, so, um, one
of the things I was asking earlier, uh,
it would be cool if you could get your open claw to
summarize these replay calls, um, in,
in the description.
'cause I mean, I've been on most of them live, but mm-hmm.
When I, when I, when I think of, like,
when you bring up stuff you've said from previous days,
it's like, I wanna review it,
but I don't remember which day it was.
Um, so that's one thing I think
that could be really helpful.
Um, for example, the, there's one image
software that, or sourced for royalty free images
that has an API that you talked about the other day that,
um, that I want to start using.
And I forget which one it was.
You said you used it a lot 'cause it's cheap
and, and I forget
What, well, Do you remember what that was?
Heck, no. Hold on a second. Let me see.
Um, hold on a second.
This is why I'm trying to tell you guys.
Um,
yeah, not even this one.
Hold on a minute. Nine, one of these ones,
when I was involved before I passed it off to the va,
I had bullet points.
Like, this is getting a little bit better. You see this?
Yeah. This is what it should be doing.
And, and, and so we trained it on this.
And so this is the reason why I keep saying you need
to check on what it's doing.
Does that make sense, guys? We tell it.
Like if I look at, uh, hold on.
Here's a, here's a perfect example.
So if I look at the team, I know first thing this morning,
um, I know Hannah jumped in there
and I saw her, um,
say replay, right?
So somewhere here? Yeah, right here. See? February 20th.
Yep. Forward slash replay. It says, I'll help you out.
A replay need to vim me. URL.
She gave it this, which was day 12.
And let me check the B two details. Okay?
What topic was covered? I'll create a proper title.
Uh, you choose based on call topic.
Let me choose, let me check. So it was trained on this.
And so we gotta, we gotta go back
and find out, like,
why aren't you looking at the freaking transcript?
No transcript available based on the progression.
Day 11 was answered. Okay, so why, so now we,
we gotta understand how Vimeo works.
Like how long does it take for the,
the transcript to be available?
Because it didn't have the transcript, so
therefore it couldn't do the time notes like we want, right?
So if we look at, um, this one,
so day 10 was good because there was a transcript available,
but if we look at the one that it loaded today that Hannah
approved, let's go look at that one.
Let's see what that one looks like.
So if we open this up,
and if we look at this, uh, yeah,
see there was no transcript.
So it's, it's not gonna do a very good job.
Even the goal block's gonna be weak, right? Right.
So these are all things that we have to,
even though we see it do it right, we have
to keep watching it and have to keep refining it.
And you basically have to spank it. Mm-hmm.
Guys, you do, you have to spank it.
You have to say, look, you did that wrong.
You know, I, I won't tell you the the choice words I use,
but I mean, like, I'm, I'm like, look, you gotta fix this.
You gotta fix, this is
Right. This is where
the VAs are crucial to have for sure. And
Totally.
Yeah. Um, so the, the other thing
that I was wondering about was, you,
you say you always leave your browser plugin on your
VPS turned off?
Uh, I do. I I've been, you, you know, I, I have
lagged for a long time on doing my local newsletter,
but I'm, I'm, I'm really trying
to get open cla to do it for me.
And, um, it tells me that it can't find topics
to write about without, without the browser access.
And I'm wondering how you do
that without giving it browser access.
Uh, we haven't covered it, guys,
but, um, uh, let me,
let me get to that here in a second. Uh, yeah.
Wow. It worked. Yeah, I don't know what it did.
They'll do your brandy, they'll do your domain,
they'll do your sending, they'll create your first set
of articles, they'll create your newsletter.
They'll do your welcome email.
They will do everything for you. Okay.
So we're setting you up with GC Pro lifetime,
Whatever. It looks like everything else
out there, right?
Are you guys liking this?
Yeah. That's cool. I don't know.
I don't know if that's a 9.2 out of 10 virality score,
but it's cool. It's awesome. Well,
Whatever, I mean, that was not a, a great video
to start with, right? Um,
Right, right, right.
So plus
It pulled, it pulled, how many clips outta that one video?
Nine clips out of a six minute video.
That's a lot out of a six minute video.
Yeah. I mean, we got a lot to learn with it,
but dude, I, I can make this work, guys.
So now, uh, dude,
I, I, I can't wait to get this going for my business.
That's gonna be awesome.
Yeah. So now we gotta come back around.
You have the clips. Uh, what did you do with them?
All right, Josh, what I want you to do is I want you
to tell it to install the Brave Browser.
Oh, okay. Yeah, it asked,
it mentioned Brave, but I didn't, I Yeah. Tell
It, tell it to install the Brave Browser.
I don't think I mentioned that to you guys.
That's what it'll use to search on its own.
And, and I can just do that through the, um, telegram.
Yeah, you're right. I just displayed them.
I didn't save them anywhere. Saved all nine clips.
Each clip has title, duration, transcript,
viral reason preview them.
Um, is it in the project
board two?
Yeah, I got, I got mine using a, uh,
for my video host.
Now I, I got that working while we were on this call,
so I'm pretty stoked about that.
It, it showed me what all my videos
that I have in there and everything.
Wow. So it's pretty easy.
Yeah, it took a little, I mean, I, I didn't,
I stumbled a little bit, but I got it working
and I got the skill saved and everything
Now added.
But the, even if you mean the web app
we built Yes, of course.
Deploy it to the web app
and get rid of the
sample data
We're Getting there, guys.
We're we're definitely getting there. Right?
So the idea is it, it knows, it knows that those,
those clips were done.
Like, it came back and told me, it gave me a report.
It said, here's the clips that it created nine clips
and what it should have done, though,
it can tell me it's created nine clips,
but it, it should have gone
and placed it in the board for us.
Oh, it didn't do that, huh? Right.
You just saw those when you looked inside.
Um, visitor.
Yep. Yeah,
But I mean, here's the thing.
Once it gets it, then we're gonna tell it. Okay.
Memorize that process. Yeah.
Yeah. And then, and then, uh, not just memorize,
but tell me what you understand about that process, right?
Mm-hmm. Uh, while it's doing this,
let me mention this to you guys.
Uh, this one I'm gonna do over here.
I just made a post on my wall.
Like I said, if you guys want to continue
with 2.0, just leave me a post.
Just leave me a, a really good comment about the workshop,
how it's been, uh, it's right here.
I'll go ahead and, and, uh, post a link for you guys.
Share, uh, copy link. I put that right in the chat.
Please, please, please leave that there.
And then we will reach out to you like we always do.
We'll reach out to you and then I'll get you into 2.0.
I just want your guys' feedback on this whole thing, right?
Okay. So let's see.
It's still typing, still typing,
but like I said, guys,
it's just like our re-engagement process.
Once we get this, we're off to the races.
Like we're gonna set it and forget it
and just look at reports every day.
Does that make sense?
Is that making sense to you guys?
Yeah. And the, the the site was deposit photos.
Oh yeah. Deposit photos.
They do deals with App Sumo a lot of times,
and you can get some incredible
deals. I think we get, like,
I should look, I should look for it on App Sumo.
Yeah, I think we get,
how many images do we get on our app?
Sumo on our, uh, deposit photo plan G do you remember?
I think it might be like 200 images
or something for like 30 bucks or something.
It's, it's pretty cheap.
Uh, but we, we use
that when we build out the newsletters for people.
So, um,
And was that, that skill file that,
that you dropped yesterday, uh,
or, um, g dropped yesterday?
Was, did that include some updates on Letterman? Or, or,
Or just Uh, no.
No. Okay. That was just, that was gc.
Yeah, we, it had the short codes in there,
which I wish it didn't, but it did.
Uh, it, it had the short codes
and then, uh, yeah, it was all gc,
like GCs the kind of the beast, right?
Yeah, totally. Um,
So I still don't see it here, G is there anything,
are you there right now, G or pne? Yeah.
Lemme check. Yeah. Is there anything I'm doing wrong?
And while we're waiting for this thing to kick in, guys, uh,
and it could be doing stuff from behind the,
normally it would not be blank like this for you,
but remember I told it, don't sit here
and show me every single detail, just work behind the scenes
so it could be doing something, right?
There we go. Let me check the app. Sample data.
Uh, I see generating 50 fake clips. Let me rewrite now.
Pushing into GitHub. Uh, GitHub pushed
the real nine clips.
Okay. Moment of truth.
So, so, oh, did I unmute myself? Oh, no.
So, uh, once I install the Brave Browser,
which I just did, oh look, that works.
Um, then, then I install the plugin.
I have it installed, the browser
plugin for Open Claw on there.
What did you say? Um, I, I got brave installed on,
on my open claw,
and now I should have it put the plugin on there.
Uh, I don't think you have to, you don't have
to do a plugin for, uh, brave, right G that's just
what he uses to search the internet.
If I remember.
We'll wait for him to answer. I can't remember.
Okay. I just remember saying install Brave.
So it could search the internet, right?
Uh, do you see that one?
So you get, you give it,
you give it some browser access, just not Chrome?
Is that what you mean?
No, it uses Brave behind the scenes to do it search.
It's not gonna open up the browser.
Oh, that's what it uses behind the scenes.
Okay. And that's how it finds topics for Letterman.
Yes. So you see the one I just approved,
I, uh, I see the issue Stat show one approved,
but the API returned eight pending clips.
Ninth problem verse, cell function, fix,
needed, blah, blah, blah.
I can't see it. The approval persists.
Your click worked on your session.
You are the CEO. Do what you need to do.
Oh, man, those are some great comments coming in.
Heather says, the workshop was for sure a 10.
I love the way Chad taught how
to create your own skills using the
tools I already used in my business.
Nick says 10 absolutely is amazing to see
what Open Clock can do with Chad's guidance.
The biggest light bulb moment for me was realizing what's
actually possible when you start leveraging APIs
with Open Cloud right away.
Once you see how Open Claw
and the systems can talk to each other, automate workflows
and unlock entirely new capabilities, you can't unsee it.
And it shifts your thinking from what can this two tool do
to what can I do by connecting everything together,
huge appreciation of the clarity
and hands-on demos, expanded vision.
The webinars completely evaluated
how I think about integration and scale.
Dan says, wow, 14 days
of in-depth research, breaking mending training.
What a totally unique experience just
as the agent door is beginning to open.
All right? So what it's doing right now, guys, is, is fixing
whatever the issue is it has over here on the software so
that it can see what's been approved.
Because remember when once we have it where it's approved,
what do you guys, what, what's it gonna do?
It's gonna grab the approved one
and it's gonna send it over to the Bridge software.
Yeah. And so, yeah, there's a lot of training.
Like we've been training for half a day,
but dude, once I get it, I mean, would you guys agree
that you're off to the races?
You are off to the races.
This thing will do this, this,
you'll have long form videos out there.
You'll have short form videos out there.
Like, I mean, that was a nasty clip that I had,
and you can see that it, it cut it up pretty well, right?
Was nothing great. Uh, okay,
so let's see.
It's fixing us here. Uh, let's see, more comments coming in.
Thank you so much for the comments, guys. That's awesome.
Uh, let's see.
Catherine says, mind blowing with how the future will bring
to an amazing workshop.
Been in off for two weeks now,
and every day it's a new mind opener.
Good, good, good, good, good, good.
Come on, Pacino, what are we doing? You're doing it. Maybe.
I do wanna see the detail. I'm too impatient.
I am too impatient not to. Right?
Um, so that, that's all I wanna see guys.
I just wanna see it go to Postgres or what?
All right, I wanna see it go to the, um, the bridge one.
And once I see that, I know I can perfect this.
Would you guys agree?
Um, by the way, uh, there's something else too, like
what Josh was mentioning.
I can have it go back through.
Our APIs allow you to edit things too.
It can go back through all of my core Sprout videos
and it can go analyze the transcript
and do better descriptions, better goal blocks.
It can do all that stuff
so it can even go repair the stuff that it's done.
I don't know if that's the same for, uh, everybody's, um,
post, but it it or for everybody's software,
but ours for sure it can go back and fix it, right?
Um, okay,
uh, so far I've got a few comments coming in.
Uh, let's see.
Pierce says, chat is helping us get insane results,
open clauses complete game changer
for our business and how we operate.
Open cloth feels like a CEO brain
that runs workflows, tasks, and skills.
And the best part is, is proactive.
Every session's fascinating.
This is gonna trigger a major shift in the business world.
Crazy. Awesome. It's only the beginning. Yes. Thank you.
Thank you, thank you. That is amazing guys. Thank you.
Please, please leave your comments.
Definitely need those comments out there right now.
You guys have no idea what I'm up against by, uh,
doing the, the installs.
I p****d a lot of people off.
Um, but let's come over here and let's see what it's doing.
If anything,
uh, can you see it doing anything?
G where did you go?
It could be fixing something major with Versal and GitHub
and I don't know, guys, like, you just gotta, um, you know,
let us do, it will fix itself.
It's not great responding in Telegram like I wish it would.
Um, but for sure I will clean up this dashboard.
Uh, I will get it to where it takes the approved
and it sends it over to the social platform, okay?
Because basically we're gonna do the same thing.
We're gonna wait for this video that's approved to go into
that platform, right?
Okay, so let me see what it's saying here.
Um, uh, where is it at?
Implementing persistent storage.
Okay, now updating the API versus deploying.
Now one more steps needs login, da da da.
Can access dashboard, need to add fastest option?
Add it in verse. I'm stuck waiting on that GitHub token.
Yeah, it's definitely stuck. I don't know why it's stuck.
Uh, do you know why it's stuck? G it's still typing though.
It's probably gonna get unstuck here.
Yeah, it should have the token already.
If you ever wanna know like, what the heck does this mean,
just take a screenshot of it and paste it in Perplexity
or Chad, GBT and say, what the heck is open Clause saying?
And it'll tell you, it'll explain, right?
But I'm gonna tell you nine outta 10 times
it will fix itself, guys.
It will fix itself. Like I promise you it will fix
itself, right?
So, um, can you guys please, please, please leave
that comment while we're waiting for that.
I'm right here while I'm waiting for you,
but you're right, I'm the CEOI should figure it out.
Let me use a browser. Logged in. Wrong browser connection.
Look, you have the
token fix it.
And this is, uh, Opus 4.5. It should be able to fix it.
Joe says, Chad and his team have been incredible
through the whole process while they're building, uh,
with open claws on another level.
It's completely changing how we are doing everything.
And honestly feels like I'm having a real operational
brain behind the business.
Uh, grateful to be working with the team on this sharp.
And we're just getting started.
Yeah, we are just getting started guys.
We are just getting started.
I love seeing the comments come in.
That means everything to me. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Uh, what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna put 'em on the page.
Uh, anybody that comments, you guys wanna a link?
Do you guys want a link?
Uh, we're gonna do it on Warrior Fours first,
and then if I can get it through with Karthik,
we're gonna do it on JV Zoo.
You guys want a link to promote that launch?
Make sure you comment, make sure you comment.
'cause I'm gonna reach out to everybody That comments.
You guys are the ones helping me.
I'm gonna put your comments on the sales
page, just so you know.
So if you wanna link to go out there
and promote this thing, make sure you comment, okay?
Leave me a really, really good comment.
'cause it's gonna be on the sales page
that's gonna help you make sales.
That's how this business works, right? Um, okay.
Any thoughts here, g, anything we can do
to, it's still trying.
Browser connections. Broken two options. Got it.
Using verse cell, API directly adding trigger redeploy.
Done. Give it 30 seconds. Deploy with GitHub token.
Like, it's unfortunate it had to go through all that guys,
but that's, that's where AI is today,
but at, at least it fixed itself.
So now let's see if we can get it to, uh, get this part
to work here where it recognizes nine pending.
So if I were to approve one, there's one approved.
Okay, let's come back over here.
Shows nine pending now approving a clip.
Remember we got next week too,
so I'll continue the social part.
Next week we will build all this out,
but I feel like this was the big one.
Do you guys agree this, this was the, the big kahuna.
This is what everybody's waiting to see.
Like how do we take a video, cut it up in the clips,
and then next week, um, on, on Monday, we'll,
we'll start syndicating to the different platforms
and I'll have a better idea.
So far, I'm, I think I'm liking the, the
vis vis thing thing.
We'll have a better idea what that can do
because I'm sure you can set a template in there to
where it does certain things.
Um, we'll definitely have a better idea.
Okay, um, deploy with GitHub token.
Let me just check the comments one more time.
So there's like 30 people on this call.
I'd love to get 30 comments, guys, I really, truly would.
Um, but the comments that are coming in are amazing.
Craig says, I have to admit, one of the best moments
of my online career was meeting Chad.
This man has taught me things
that I never thought I would ever tackle.
And now he has trained me to use open claw.
My mind has blown, but I'm grateful
for the last 14 days he had given us to have stuck with him.
The knowledge I received is going
to charge my business naturally,
make things operate exponentially.
Thanks a bunch of Chad and his team of experts.
Hand down the best. Good, good, good, good, good, good.
Robert says, from a developer standpoint, this is awesome
to see Chad guy, people that are not developers
who created CEO for themselves.
These guys are in the forefront
and I'm glad to see you all win.
Yep, yep, absolutely.
Like, um, you know, it's scary,
but it's, it's, it's gonna level the playing field guys.
It is gonna level the playing field for a lot
of people, right?
So let's see, nine pending zero approval.
Now try and approve an A clip. I did approve it.
Alright, we'll do this one last thing.
I just wanna see if it can grab that
and send it into the other platform.
And if it could, our three hour training comes to an end.
All right. Are you still there, Nick?
You've been here the whole time.
Yes.
Yeah, great stuff. This is really great, man.
Dude, have you ever attended a
three hour webinar before, Nick?
Be honest.
Uh, not, not for over 10 years.
Persistence works. You approve.
Save to GitHub, how to earn commissions.
Now, every approved reject will persist permanently.
The dashboard is fully functional.
Now, when it gets approved,
what are you going to do?
What is your next step?
All right, let's see if we can get it there.
If I can just get that video to the other platform.
We're golden. That's all we wanna see.
Publish it to social bridge clip, approve,
download video from visitor upload to post bridge.
Post all your connected social accounts.
Want me to publish that approved clip now?
Sure, why not?
That is definitely not a clip I want on my wall,
guys, but hey, whatever.
Let's do it. Let's see if we can do it. Come on now.
Come on now. I got six minutes. Six minutes.
I don't like doing three hour webinars anymore. Six minutes.
Can we do it? What do you think? You think it's gonna do it?
You think it's gonna do it at the same time?
When it takes it outta here,
it should be moving it over here, right?
So let's see if it does that.
Let's see if it does that.
Oh man, I'm getting seriously scared now.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna tell you guys right now,
there's another day of training
that I will probably do with it this weekend.
There, there's a, there's gonna be another day
of just going back and forth testing things.
I told you to do this. I told you to do that.
Memorize it, memorize it, memorize it.
And then once the cool thing about open clause,
once it starts doing everything consistently,
it learns the process really, really well.
And it starts to, uh, scale the process, right?
And it starts to get lean and mean with the process.
And then you're done. And guys,
I'm gonna tell you right now, I don't know if you guys have,
um, understood this or not.
There's gonna be a point
where I do very minimal with open cloth.
Are you guys seeing that? There's gonna be a point
where I do very minimal.
Um, it's gonna be like, um, a special day when we have
to train it to do something else.
It's gonna be like, Hey, let's bring out the claw
and let's train it to do this thing.
But for the most part, I'm gonna train it
to do everything it needs to do.
Give me my reports every day and I'll leave it alone.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Does that make sense?
I'll get to the point where it is very, very minimal, very,
very cost effective.
And this thing just runs
and the humans are just making sure
that everything is golden.
And that's it. And,
and the humans will be the ones,
this thing will run on autopilot with the Quran jobs
or this thing will run on demand from the humans.
So like Hannah this morning, four slash replay,
that was a human demand.
And that's it. And, and we will leave this thing alone
and it'll be completely automated.
How many of you can see that happening?
For our newsletters, for our links, for our replays,
for our videos, for our emails, for everything,
for our workflows, for our engagement.
Like for everything.
Our reactivation, everything articles,
we'll just leave it alone once we get it perfect.
And it's gonna take, I don't know,
we got another two weeks before we get it.
Perfect. Okay?
But we will keep working it
until it's perfect and then we'll leave it alone.
And I think that should be your goal as well.
Do you guys agree? Steve Timon says the open
cloth shadow intensity completely blew my mind.
Chad and Pne worked around the clock
to help us transform our business.
My massive light bulb moment was realized
and I didn't have to micromanage the tech
anymore when I hit an error.
Instead of opening support tickets
or Google for hours, I just asked bot to self-diagnose
and fix the problem, seeing it actually troubleshoot its own
errors and operate like a proactive CEO rather than a
ba basic assistant.
Change everything for me.
I feel miles ahead of everyone else in the industry.
Now, if you want true automation, this is it.
Thank you Steve. I appreciate it.
We're up to nine comments guys. Only 20 more to get.
I want 'em all from you. I wanna get everybody here.
Alright, let's see. Complete dashboard.
Updated, pending eight approve, zero
published one.
Oh my God, it did it.
Holy crap. It did it.
All right, wait a minute. There's no freaking way.
There's no way you did it that fast.
Oh, it did
it, it did it guys.
Oh my gosh. No supportive media files.
Instagram only, no provided fail to post YouTube.
Okay, that's probably a good thing. That's okay.
I can work through that. The point is, it
sent it over here to this system
and this post was supposed to send out to here.
Now we'll figure out, we'll figure out
why didn't the video go through.
That's okay. But the main thing I'm trying to point is,
how many of you saw our whole entire flow working today?
The whole thing? Go grab the Vimeo video, send it
to this platform, let it cut it up, grab the pieces,
put 'em in your dashboard.
When I mark it approved,
send it over here to this post bridge.
And then this post bridge, which we're gonna replace,
is going to send it out to all your networks.
Did you guys see that?
And by Monday, uh, I,
I will be able to show you exactly what to do.
And the other thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna make sure
what I was telling you when I was saying that, um,
we're gonna build this out to where Instagram, TikTok,
YouTube, Twitter, they all have different post
formats because they all require different formats.
And open clock and look at your title, look at the clip,
analyze it, um, transcribe it,
and come up with all those perfect
formats for you.
And it can also make sure that it grabs the right link
or it tells it to comment or whatever.
Like we can do all of this stuff
and I plan on getting us to the finish line on Monday.
Is that good? Is that good guys?
We did like for me, I don't know how you guys feel.
Mission accomplished, mission accomplished.
I, I, I actually did not think we were gonna
be able to do that today.
And we did. We, we struggled with it. We created the board.
That was kind of a cluster, but we did it.
And, and we will, we will refine
it and we will get it perfect.
And is there anybody that wants this skill?
Anybody that wants this skill, uh, I'm going to reach out
to everybody that commented.
I'm gonna give you that skill. I'll perfect it.
I'll give you that skill for right now.
You can use this post bridge. Uh, you can use this visitor.
Uh, make sure you comment.
I'm gonna reach out to you on Messenger
and I'm gonna give that to you.
So you leave that comment, it's gonna go on the sales page.
I'm gonna approve your JV Z link and your Warrior Plus link,
and you get to come to 2.0
and I will give you that skill today.
How's that sound? Good?
And all I want from you is the comment. That's it.
All I want is the comment. Um,
'cause that's, that's just gonna
tell everybody what we're doing.
All right, guys. Three hours. I'm sorry to keep you.
Uh, I hope it was worth it.
Uh, I'll let you know on the tech call in about 15 minutes,
I'm gonna check make sure the dogs
are okay and everything else.
Um, and uh, if we won't let us comment, why,
why won't I let you comment?
Put in a friend request and you'll be able to comment.
Uh, anybody else, message me if you
can't and I'll make it happen.
All right guys, thank you so much. Thank you.
Thank you, thank you. We'll get the replay up.
I hope this gives you some ideas what you can be doing.
It's incredible technology.
Sell it, sell it, sell it, sell it.
Remember, we'll do the build out for you.
This part here, ah, you're on your own,
but we'll do the initial build out
and onboarding for you to get you the good base.
Alright? Go crush it guys. I'll talk to you again soon.
Bye-bye.